Mastercard given approval to prepare for entry into China’s payments market
After years of unsuccessful attempts to enter China’s massive $27 trillion payments market, Mastercard announced today it has won approval from the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) to begin formal preparation to set up a bankcard clearing institution in China. T… [+3277 chars]China rolls out 'close contact detection app' for coronavirus
According to Xinhua, "close contact" includes people who work together, share a classroom or live in the same house, as well as medical professionals working with patients, and passengers on mass transit. If the app determines a user has been in close proximi… [+838 chars]The new coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist
A worker wears a surgical face mask as she serves customers at at food stall in London’s China Town district on February 4, 2020. | Photo by JUSTIN TALLIS/AFP via Getty Images This is the latest disease outbreak to become racialized Three weeks ago, Trang Don… [+6991 chars]All the ways China’s coronavirus outbreak is affecting tech
Feature China/Barcroft Media via Getty Images The tech sector is currently feeling the impact of the coronavirus, with companies closing offices, stores, and factories in China as well as restricting employees from nonessential travels to the country. The clo… [+6498 chars]Xiaomi’s Mi 10 flagship 5G phones launch in China
First china then the world
Xiaomis latest flagship the Mi 10 Pro.
Image: Xiaomi
Xiaomi just took the wraps off its latest 5G phones, the flagship Mi 10 series. Both the Mi 10 and Mi 10 Pro feature 6.67-inch 2340 x 1080 OLED displays with a 90Hz refresh rat… [+1648 chars]The Wuhan Coronavirus Has Officially Killed More People Than SARS in Mainland China
China passed a bleak milestone over the weekend, as more people in mainland China have now died of the newly discovered coronavirus than did during the SARS outbreak, which also began in China almost two decades ago. Cases in other countries are also increasi… [+2690 chars]An AI Epidemiologist Sent the First Warnings of the Wuhan Virus
On January 9, the World Health Organization notified the public of a flu-like outbreak in China: a cluster of pneumonia cases had been reported in Wuhan, possibly from vendors exposure to live animals at the Huanan Seafood Market. The US Centers for Disease C… [+3502 chars]Could China's New Coronavirus Become a Global Epidemic?
What began in mid-December as a mysterious cluster of respiratory illnesses has now killed at least six people, sickened hundreds more, and spread to five other countries, including the US. On Tuesday, American health officials confirmed the nations first cas… [+4031 chars]Airlines Announce Flight Cancelations Amid Coronavirus Outbreak
As an outbreak of coronavirus that reportedly originated in Wuhan, China continues to spread, U.S. airlines are beginning to be impacted by travel advisories and a decrease in demand for flights to China.
United Airlines told Gizmodo in a statement by email … [+1906 chars]Apple to restrict travel to China, close one store in relation to coronavirus
Justice Dept. charge China-backed hackers over Equifax breach
U.S. prosecutors have charged four hackers said to be working for the Chinese military for the  2018 cyberattack at Equifax, which led to the theft of more than 147 million credit reports in a massive data breach.
Attorney general William Barr accused the fo… [+1396 chars]Coronavirus: China admits 'shortcomings and deficiencies'
Media captionThe BBC's online health editor on what we know about the virus
China's top leadership has admitted "shortcomings and deficiencies" in the country's response to the deadly coronavirus outbreak.
The Politburo Standing Committee said the national … [+5872 chars]First death from coronavirus outside China
A man has died of the coronavirus in the Philippines in the virus's first confirmed fatality outside China.
The patient was a 44-year-old Chinese man from Wuhan, in Hubei province, where the virus was first detected.
He appeared to have been infected before… [+493 chars]World must 'wake up to the challenges presented by China,' says Defense Secretary
Munich, Germany (CNN)Defense Secretary Mark Esper called on the international community to "wake up to the challenges presented by China," telling an audience of world leaders and top policymakers on Saturday that America's concerns about China should also be… [+2033 chars]This is life on lockdown in China
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.African airlines suspend flights to China
China Reports Over 15,000 Coronavirus Cases in Single Day Using New Diagnostic Guidelines
China reported 15,152 new cases of the coronavirus on Thursday, according to state broadcaster Xinhua, the largest jump in a single day and up significantly from the few thousand confirmed cases China typically reports daily. Chinese health authorities also r… [+4235 chars]China Reports 6 Health Workers Dead and 1,716 Sickened by Coronavirus
Health officials in China announced on Friday that the new coronavirus has sickened at least 1,716 health care workers and killed six. Roughly 87 percent of those health workers infected with COVID-19 were in Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, acc… [+2775 chars]20 Million on Lockdown As China Halts Travel From Three Cities Over Deadly Virus
Two more cities in China are being placed on lockdown in an attempt by Chinese authorities to control the spread of a deadly new virus called 2019-nCoV and avoid a global epidemic. The SARS-like virus has killed at least 17 people and sickened more than 570, … [+4410 chars]Deadly Mystery Virus Spreads Outside China to New Countries
Health officials in Thailand and Japan have announced that a strange new virus, which has killed two people and sickened dozens of others in China, has appeared inside their borders this week. The virus, known as 2019-nCoV, was first identified in Wuhan, Chin… [+4032 chars]12 dead, hundreds wounded as protesters clash with Iraq security forces
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN)Twelve people were killed and 230 others injured in protests in Iraq over the past three days, the Independent High Commission for Human Rights of Iraq said Sunday.
Nine protesters were killed in the capital Baghdad and three others in the… [+1594 chars]Sharp rise in brain injuries from Iran raid on US base
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Iran attacked a US base in Iraq in retaliation for the killing of Iran General Qasem Suleimani
The number of US troops suffering from traumatic brain injuries (TBI) after an Iranian attack on a US base in Iraq in Ja… [+2399 chars]America can't have a whack-a-mole Iran strategy
Chris Coons represents Delaware in the US Senate. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. View more opinion on CNN.
 (CNN)On January 7, hours after Iran fired missiles at a base in Iraq housing American troops, the Iranian Foreign Minister, Ja… [+4673 chars]Analysis: The US operation in Iraq could come to an embarrassing end. Iran's power will only grow
(CNN)Donald Trump hasn't pulled his troops out of Iraq, despite his pledge to end America's grinding wars. It turns out he may not have to. The US is facing the possibility of being kicked out, and that would be a big win for Iran. 
Officials in Iraq's parli… [+8344 chars]Rockets hit US embassy in Baghdad amid protests
Image copyrightReutersImage caption
 Supporters of Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr carry placards depicting Donald Trump
At least three rockets struck the US embassy in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, on Sunday. 
One rocket hit the embassy cafeteria while tw… [+1517 chars]Pentagon Says 34 Troops Treated for Traumatic Brain Injury After Trump Downplays It as 'Headaches'
The White House initially minimized the consequences of retaliatory Iranian missile strikes that hit joint U.S.-Iraqi bases in Iraq on January 8 in response to Donald Trumps reckless decision to assassinate a senior Iranian official. But last week, news broke… [+5218 chars]Iraq president appoints Allawi as new premier, protesters reject him
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi President Barham Salih appointed Mohammed Tawfiq Allawi as prime minister on Saturday, state television reported, after squabbling parties failed to name a candidate in the two months since Adel Abdul-Mahdi was ousted by mass protest… [+3538 chars]Protester killed as Iraq police struggle to stem unrest
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi police fought running street battles with anti-government demonstrators on Tuesday, firing tear and rubber bullets to try to disperse stone-throwing youths pressing for an overhaul of a political system they see as deeply corrupt. 
… [+2297 chars]Mortars were used in American embassy attack in Iraq: U.S. military - Global News
A top U.S. commander said Monday that mortars were used in an attack on the American embassy in Baghdad that injured one person and caused some material damage the previous night, not katyusha rockets as was initially reported by staffers and a statement from… [+5072 chars]US taxpayers have reportedly paid an average of $8,000 each and over $2 trillion total for the Iraq war alone
The human costs of war are huge and crippling. The financial costs can be, too. 
According to a new estimate by the Costs of War co-director Neta Crawford, US taxpayers have paid nearly $2 trillion in war-related costs on the Iraq war alone.
Newsweek estima… [+7009 chars]Iran Guards to disclose new information about U.S. base attack: ISNA
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran will soon disclose new information about the missile attack it carried out against a U.S. base in Iraq last month, the ISNA news agency on Friday reported Amirali Hajizadeh, head of the Guards’ aerospace division, as saying. 
Tensions … [+330 chars]Envoys in Iraq condemn excessive violence, urge credible probe into deaths
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Envoys of 16 countries in Iraq, including, France, Britain and the United States, on Monday condemned the use of excessive violence by Iraqi security forces and armed groups and called for a credible investigation into hundreds of deaths s… [+651 chars]109 U.S. troops diagnosed with brain injuries from Iran attack: Pentagon
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday that 109 U.S. service members had been diagnosed with mild traumatic brain injury stemming from Iran’s missile attack on a base in Iraq last month. 
In a statement, the Pentagon said 76 of those service memb… [+235 chars]How to Watch the 2020 State of the Union
President Donald Trump is set to deliver his third State of the Union address Tuesday night in whats shaping up to be a particularly busy news week in the United States. The country just witnessed a mess of a Democratic caucus in Iowa Monday, and on Wednesday… [+1662 chars]Trump downplays concussion-like injuries in Iraq attack l ABC News - ABC News
President Donald Trump appeared to brush off the traumatic brain and concussion-like injuries sustained by U.S. service members after Irans missile strike on a military base in Iraq. READ MORE: https://abcn.ws/2RJ3aZJ
#ABCNews#President#Trump#Iraq#HeadInjury… [+13 chars]More U.S. troops leave Iraq for medical treatment after Iranian missile attack, Pentagon says - The Washington Post
The officials left open the possibility that the number could increase in coming days.
The health and safety of all service members is the greatest concern for all Department leadership and we greatly appreciate the care that these members have received and … [+2795 chars]ISIS 'sleeper cells' are taking advantage of US-Iran tensions to make a comeback
BEIRUT (AP) — The Islamic State group's self-styled "caliphate" across parts of Iraq and Syria seemed largely defeated last year, with the loss of its territory, the killing of its founder in a US raid and an unprecedented crackdown on its social media propag… [+5897 chars]Gulf carriers fly over Iraq, Iran after military action deters others
KUWAIT (Reuters) - Qatar Airways, Emirates and several other Gulf airlines still fly in Iraqi and Iranian airspace and to cities in both countries, even as other international carriers have rerouted planes since the United States and Iran traded military stri… [+3256 chars]Pompeo expresses outrage over Iran's targeting of U.S. facilities in Iraq
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Monday expressed outrage in a phone call with Iraqi Prime Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi at the continued assaults by Iran’s armed groups targeting U.S. facilities in Iraq, including Sunday’s rocket att… [+341 chars]Rare snow in Iraq turns Baghdad into winter wonderland
Antarctica’s hottest temperature ever was recorded this past Thursday: 65 degrees Fahrenheit, or 18.3 degrees Celsius. That is not good. Not good at all.
Major cities in China will undertake a staged withdrawal of single-use plastics between now and 2022, wi… [+1531 chars]The 'Robo Revenge' App Makes It Easy to Sue Robocallers
Just when you thought the catastrophic Equifax breach was entirely in the rearview, the Department of Justice this week charged four Chinese military hackers with the theft. That's 147.9 million people's Social Security numbers and other personal information … [+4002 chars]Google, Amazon, and Apple Have a Trillion Dollar Problem
Hi again, its Steven Levy, WIREDs editor at large, with edition two of the Plaintext newsletter. Thanks for all your great comments about last weeks debut.
I got a lot of questions about how this winds up in your mailbox. Short answer: Subscribe to WIRED. If… [+2181 chars]IRS backtracks on whether video game currencies are taxable
But its still unclear if you need to report them
Image: Epic Games
On Wednesday, the IRS quietly changed a provision on its website that said transactions of virtual currency like Fortnites V-bucks were taxable and may have to be reported on tax returns, as… [+2532 chars]2019 was a phenomenal year for cryptocurrency (scams)
Bust out the champagne, folks! It's time to celebrate. 
2019 was one hell of a year for cryptocurrency. Or, more specifically, cryptocurrency scams. That's according to Chainalysis, a respected blockchain analysis company that works with law enforcement and … [+2253 chars]Dutch letter-bomb blackmail campaign targets companies
Image copyrightDutch policeImage caption
 Dutch police have warned companies to look out for padded envelopes with two stamps
Police are investigating a spate of letter-bomb attacks on companies across the Netherlands.
Four letter bombs have been found in … [+2882 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Nobel Prize-winning economist wants cryptocurrencies shut down’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Marie Curie used to say: Lets get it!
Bit… [+2657 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Kim Dotcom wants to bring a billion users to crypto’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Pasteur used to say: Live, laugh, love!
B… [+2844 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘We should be investing in blockchain, says Andrew Yang’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Stephen Hawking used to say: Success is ju… [+2651 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin is now worth as much as Nike’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Isaac Newton used to say: Lets get it!… [+2347 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Tesla valuation exceeds Bitcoin market cap’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Faraday used to say: Were on the highw… [+2787 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin price should be $200K by now, according to John McAfee’s prediction’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Stephen Hawking used to say: Shleppppppp i… [+2530 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin dips just enough to fill gap in futures market’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Baudriallard used to say: Success is j… [+2536 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Crypto Twitter explodes over sceptic Peter Schiff losing all his Bitcoin’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Machiavelli used to say: To infinity, … [+2744 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin keeps ascending towards $10,000’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Nikola Tesla used to say: Lets make it… [+2904 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Man charged with operating $300M money-laundering Bitcoin ‘mixer’’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Pasteur used to say: Bobs your uncle!… [+2600 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin is now worth as much as McDonald’s’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Faraday used to say: Money makes the w… [+2411 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin markets cool amid coronavirus uncertainty’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Nikola Tesla used to say: If you love … [+2547 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Elon Musk says Bitcoin is good for illegal payments — and that’s about it’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Schopenhauer used to say: Prepare to o… [+2780 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin edges up as global markets take coronavirus beating’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Sloterdijk used to say: Lets add the m… [+2812 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin rises another 5% in one day’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Hannah Arendt used to say: Talk to a s… [+2358 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]What Is a Coronavirus?
Our in-house Know-It-Alls answer questions about your interactions with technology.
Q: What is a coronavirus?
Coronaviruses are a family of hundreds of viruses that can cause fever, respiratory problems, and sometimes gastrointestinal symptoms, too. And the… [+3725 chars]Travel Bans and Quarantines Won't Stop Coronavirus
The national plan to try to stop the new coronavirus from spreading any further might fracture international trade, violate peoples rights, and make untenable the workloads of local and state public health departments. It almost certainly wont slow the virus.… [+4020 chars]Can You Cancel Your Flight Because of the Coronavirus?
As of Friday morning, the coronavirus outbreak in China has resulted in at least 26 deaths and 800 others sickened by the illness, according to local health officials. Currently, there is one confirmed case in the U.S., with twelve others currently being test… [+1919 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]Build In Extra Time to Clear Customs at Coronavirus 'Screener Airports'
If youre traveling in or out of one of the designated U.S. coronavirus screener airports, you might need to prepare for longer lines and waitsespecially if youre traveling internationally.
Whats a coronavirus screener airport? Well, the United States is curr… [+2104 chars]Universal coronavirus treatments could help treat this outbreak — and the next one
This wont be the last coronavirus to infect humans
Photo by Christophe Gateau/picture alliance via Getty Images
Coronaviruses have caused three outbreaks in humans in the past 20 years: they were responsible for SARS in 2002, MERS in 2012, and the ongoing o… [+4810 chars]Amazon withdraws from MWC over coronavirus-related concerns
Amazon is the latest company to cancel its plans for the Mobile World Congress, which will take place later this month in Barcelona, over coronavirus-related concerns.
In a statement emailed to TechCrunch, an Amazon spokesperson said due to the outbreak and … [+749 chars]LG pulls out of Mobile World Congress over coronavirus concerns
Mobile World Congress is the event the world -- or at least, our particularly nerdy corner of it -- looks to for annual updates in smartphones, networking technology and more. This year, as concerns over a growing coronavirus outbreak continue to mount, LG ha… [+428 chars]NVIDIA will skip MWC 2020 due to concerns about coronavirus
As the reported number of coronavirus infections in China grew beyond 34,000, NVIDIA announced that it will not send employees to the Mobile World Congress event in Barcelona, Spain this year. According to the company, "Given public health risks around the co… [+1162 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]Samsung reportedly scales back MWC presence over coronavirus fears
The company didn't comment on the report.
In addition to high-profile companies leaving the show, the GSMA (which organizes MWC) has also implemented some screening efforts in a bid to reduce the chances of coronavirus infections. It's banning all guests fro… [+869 chars]China rolls out 'close contact detection app' for coronavirus
According to Xinhua, "close contact" includes people who work together, share a classroom or live in the same house, as well as medical professionals working with patients, and passengers on mass transit. If the app determines a user has been in close proximi… [+838 chars]Twitter bans financial site Zero Hedge over false coronavirus claims
In a statement, Twitter said only that it had banned Zero Hedge for violating the social network's "platform manipulation policy." However, Zero Hedge said it had received a notice on Friday that it was violating Twitter policies against "abuse and harassment… [+673 chars]Daily Crunch: MWC faces coronavirus concerns
The Daily Crunch is TechCrunch’s roundup of our biggest and most important stories. If you’d like to get this delivered to your inbox every day at around 9am Pacific, you can subscribe here.
1. As top exhibitors pull out of MWC, organizers implement stringen… [+2443 chars]Tesla closes Shanghai factory over coronavirus concerns
Tesla was ordered by the Chinese government to shut down its Shanghai factory over concerns about the coronavirus, a closure that will delay Model 3 production and ultimately put slight downward pressure on profits in the first quarter, the automaker’s financ… [+1930 chars]Would the Coronavirus Quarantine of Wuhan Even Work?
The Chinese government announced Wednesday that it would quarantine the city of Wuhan, the center of an outbreak of a new viral disease that has (officially) killed 17 people and infected more than 500. As of 10 AM Thursday morning in Wuhan9 PM ESTno flights … [+3609 chars]If you’re feeling nervous about the coronavirus, you’re not alone
Take a break from reading the internet
Photo by Maverick Asio/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images
Your risk of catching the new coronavirus is probably low if you havent recently been to Wuhan, China (where the virus originated) or been in contact with… [+3613 chars]Coronavirus Is Bad. Comparing It to the Flu Is Worse
There's a deadly virus spreading throughout China right now, but SELF Magazine has a calming message for Americans: "For perspective," the publication tweeted Thursday, "the flu is a bigger threat in the U.S." This was just the latest in an epic run of such c… [+4595 chars]Could China's New Coronavirus Become a Global Epidemic?
What began in mid-December as a mysterious cluster of respiratory illnesses has now killed at least six people, sickened hundreds more, and spread to five other countries, including the US. On Tuesday, American health officials confirmed the nations first cas… [+4031 chars]Mike Pompeo's tantrum inspired a big boost in NPR donations
The Secretary of State may not be thanking NPR for his week atop the headlines, but NPR can definitely thank him for boosting their bottom line.
Mike Pompeo made news this week for berating NPR journalist Mary Louise Kelly following an interview about Iran o… [+4796 chars]Stephen Colbert commemorates Mike Pompeo's NPR freakout with pun-based merch
As the senate trial of Donald Trump grapples with the revelations from John Bolton's book manuscript namely that the former security advisor's forthcoming opus confirms the Ukraine aid quid pro quo it seems no member of the Trump administration is remotely in… [+1086 chars]'Perfect' call: Trump's lawyer criticizes Ukraine call
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Dems invoke McCain during Senate impeachment trial
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Iran plane downing: Iran ends co-operation with Ukraine
Image copyrightReutersImage caption
 All 176 people on Ukraine International Airlines flight PS752 died when Iranian missile fire hit the plane
Iran has ceased co-operation with Ukraine in its investigation into the downing of Ukrainian passenger jet PS752 … [+1955 chars]Trump impeachment: What's Ukraine got to do with it?
If youre traveling in or out of one of the designated U.S. coronavirus screener airports, you might need to prepare for longer lines and waitsespecially if youre traveling internationally.
Whats a coronavirus screener airport? Well, the United States is curr… [+2104 chars]Watch: John Roberts refuses to read Rand Paul's question
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Joni Ernst defends Trump but says President handled Ukraine in 'wrong manner'
Washington (CNN)Republican Sen. Joni Ernst on Sunday defended President Donald Trump asking Ukraine to investigate his political rivals, but said he did so in the "wrong manner."
"Generally speaking going after corruption would be the right thing to do, he d… [+1264 chars]Wolf Blitzer: President Trump's counsel simply ignored this
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Giuliani's role: Analyst rebukes Trump attorney's Giuliani claim
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.8 unanswered questions about Trump and Ukraine that will live on after impeachment
Washington (CNN)Impeachment is over. President Donald Trump has been acquitted. One bruising chapter has ended, but another phase of the Ukraine affair is only now beginning. 
Because Senate Republicans blocked all efforts to hear from new witnesses and subp… [+10983 chars]Ring Got Reporters to Omit Its Ukraine Staff Is Working on 'Many Other Amazon Projects'
Amazons home security company, Ring, pressed the chief editor at a Ukrainian business publication last year to delete a passage in an article touting the successes of Rings Kyiv-based research lab, the Intercept reported Friday. The article reportedly include… [+2333 chars]Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from China by end of the week: Interfax-Ukraine
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from hina by the end of the week over coronavirus fears, Interax-Ukraine cited a Ukrainian Health Ministry official as saying on Monday. 
Andriy Skipalsky, head of the public health department at Ukra… [+228 chars]Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from China by end of the week: Interfax-Ukraine
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from hina by the end of the week over coronavirus fears, Interax-Ukraine cited a Ukrainian Health Ministry official as saying on Monday. 
Andriy Skipalsky, head of the public health department at Ukra… [+228 chars]History lesson: Adam Schiff invokes Founding Father in case against Trump
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Anderson Cooper reacts to Lindsey Graham revelation: They aren't even trying to hide it
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Analyst: Zelensky was trying to address a PR problem
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Borger on GOP Senator's attack: 'Just embarrassing'
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.GOP lawmaker questions patriotism of Purple Heart recipient
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Trump captured on tape demanding firing of ambassador to Ukraine, attorney says
What began in mid-December as a mysterious cluster of respiratory illnesses has now killed at least six people, sickened hundreds more, and spread to five other countries, including the US. On Tuesday, American health officials confirmed the nations first cas… [+4031 chars]Record Two iPhone Cameras at Once With This Free iOS App
iOS: All you need to create interesting, high-quality video content these days is a smartphone. With the right apps, what used to require extra gear and software can mostly all be done on a single iPhoneincluding recording multiple shots simultaneously. Thats… [+1315 chars]Here's How Much You'll Save With an Apple-Refurbished iPhone XS
Apple now sells refurbished iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max smartphones through its online store and at certified retailers. This is good news for anyone who wants to upgrade from an iPhone 8 or older, but might not want to pay full price for an unlocked XS or XS… [+2300 chars]How to Take a Screenshot on iPhone X, XS and 11
If youve finally upgraded that old iPhone 6 to a brand new iPhone X or 11, you might be wondering how to take a screenshot. Previously, all it took was a simultaneous press of the side button and home button. But with the loss of the home button in the iPhone… [+330 chars]Why Your Next iPhone Might Not Have a Lightning Port
There are many things that separate Apples products from its competitors. One of the most iconic is the Lightning port, Apples proprietary charging and connection cable that most of its products have been using for some timebut that could be changing very soo… [+1908 chars]How to Use Emoji Reactions in Your Twitter Messages
Text-message reactionsa practice iPhone and iPad owners should be familiar with, where you long-press a message to append a little heart or thumbs up/thumbs down to somethingare simple ways to convey a reaction without having to come up with something interes… [+1648 chars]DOJ letter reveals the FBI recently cracked an iPhone 11
While the Department of Justice, US attorney general and even the president continue to pressure Apple for additional technical support in unlocking iPhones tied to the naval base shooting in December, a letter reveals that the FBI recently cracked a password… [+791 chars]Update iOS to Block More Location Tracking on the iPhone 11
iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1 both dropped yesterday, adding some convenient features and fixing a number of bugs (which weve listed below). iPhone and iPad owners can start the update by going to Settings &gt; General &gt; Software Update on their devices, th… [+1491 chars]iPhone Users Can Now Shoot Simultaneously With Both Cameras, Android Users Chuckle Politely
Back at the launch event for the iPhone 11 last fall, the developers of Filmic Pro got on stage and showed off a new app that allowed iPhone users to record videos using both the front and rear cameras on their iPhone simultaneously. And today, that app final… [+2680 chars]WhatsApp dark mode for iPhone arrives in latest beta
MacRumors WhatsApp is finally getting a dark mode soon on iPhone soon. A new beta version of WhatsApp for iOS has appeared with dark mode enabled, indicating that it will soon be available for all iPhone users. MacRumors reports that the testing notes include… [+634 chars]The better everyday camera — Pixel 4 or iPhone 11 Pro?
I need a new phone.
A big chunk of my time on the iPhone was spent taking pictures, so I’m heavily basing the next smartphone on its camera capabilities. After playing around with the Pixel 4 for Brian’s review, I’m considering switching teams.
Price-wise, … [+2428 chars]Apple Continues To Make An Absolute Shit-Ton of Money on iPhones Somehow
Every September, Apple reveals a new iPhone. And every year, Apple watchers wonder if this will be the new iPhone to which consumers say, Nah, were good. 2019 was not that year. With a little help from the iPhone 11 lineup, Apple made a $22.2 billion profit o… [+1531 chars]Apple tests UWB switch to keep the iPhone 11 from tracking your location
While Apple emphasized that the company isn't collecting location data and that the UWB checks take place "entirely on the device," it promised to roll out a dedicated toggle for the chip to assuage people's fears. YouTube creator Brandon Butch has just spott… [+717 chars]iPhone maker Foxconn tells Shenzhen staff not to return to work
As it ramps up production on medical face masks
Photo by VCG/VCG via Getty Images
iPhone manufacturer Foxconn has told employees at its Shenzhen HQ not to return to work on February 10th as planned, but to await further instruction, Bloomberg reports. Meanw… [+1630 chars]iOS 13.4 could turn your iPhone and Apple Watch into car keys
In addition, the feature seems to have the capability to give other people access to your vehicle with their devices. You'll have to send that trusted family member or friend an invite, which you'll be able to do so via the Wallet app.
The pairing process ac… [+589 chars]Latest Rumors Suggest Even More Affordable iPhones Are Coming in 2020
Over the past couple of years, Apple has garnered a lot of success by making its entry-level iPhones just a bit more affordable, with the iPhone 11 recently sucking up 39 percent of all smartphone sales in Q4 2019. And if the latest 2020 iPhone rumors are cor… [+2647 chars]NYPD will replace handwritten logs with an iPhone app later this month
The app will send notes to a department database, which offers a few benefits over the physical notebooks. It could eliminate potential abuses, like faking entries in order to get search warrants, and headaches, like having to interpret illegible handwriting.… [+565 chars]Coronavirus: iPhone manufacturer Foxconn to make masks
Image copyrightFoxconnImage caption
 Foxconn has started test production of surgical masks as demand soars
Electronics giant Foxconn, maker of the Apple iPhone, is taking the unusual step of switching part of its production to making surgical masks.
The fi… [+1981 chars]How Google Recognizes Traffic Jams in Maps
Berlin artist Simon Weckert recently hacked Google Maps by filling a red wagon with 99 iPhone running Google Maps and dragging around the city to fool the service into thinking there was a traffic jam when there wasnt one.
Its a clever trick, but it raises q… [+4562 chars]Apple fined $27 million for throttling old iPhones without telling users
Frances competition watchdog DGCCRF announced earlier today that Apple will pay a $27.4 million (25 million) fine due to an iOS update that capped performance of aging devices. The company will also have to display a statement on its website for a month.
A c… [+1310 chars]Behold the Cyberphone, a titanium iPhone inspired by Tesla's Cybertruck
Russia's Caviar is known for lavish, extremely expensive iPhone modifications, but its new product will turn heads for different reasons.
It's called the Cyberphone, and yes, it's an iPhone mod with a design inspired by Tesla's Cybertruck. 
Image: Caviar
I… [+1255 chars]How Google Recognizes Traffic Jams in Maps
Berlin artist Simon Weckert recently hacked Google Maps by filling a red wagon with 99 iPhone running Google Maps and dragging around the city to fool the service into thinking there was a traffic jam when there wasnt one.
Its a clever trick, but it raises q… [+4562 chars]Google confirms it again removed alleged spying tool ToTok from Google Play
In December, The New York Times reported a popular messaging app called ToTok was actually a spying tool used by the government of the United Arab Emirates to track users’ conversations, location, and social connections. The app was removed from the Google Pl… [+2104 chars]The Best Updates in Google Maps' 15th-Anniversary Redesign
In celebration of Google Maps 15th birthday, Google is updating the service with a new logo and icon, and its rolling out several new features for the app. Heres everything included in the big update. 
New and redesigned tabs
The biggest change in the new G… [+1861 chars]How to Use Google Assistant's Ambient Mode on Android
Our smartphones can display tons of information and provide helpful shortcuts even when theyre locked, and Google Assistants Ambient Mode is worth trying out. It allows you to use several of your phones best features without having to unlock it, saving you pr… [+1700 chars]Try Using Google Drive as a Progressive Web App
Google Drive is now available as a progressive web app (PWA) for desktop and mobile, giving users an alternative to launching the service in their regular browsers. PWAs look and feel like stripped-down apps, even though theyre basically living in a stripped-… [+1389 chars]How to Update Paid Chrome Extensions Google Just Banned
I confess, I havent run into a paid Google extension in some time. Theydoexist, howeverand some are actually useful, like StopTheMadness (an extension that keeps websites from disabling keyboard shortcuts or context menus).If you happen to have found (and pur… [+2830 chars]Google CEO Sundar Pichai calls for 'sensible regulation' of AI
After laying out his relationship with technology and offering a few examples where innovation has had unintended negative consequences, Pichai makes the case that while AI is powerful and useful, we must balance its "potential harms... with social opportunit… [+1439 chars]DOJ and state AGs may combine their Google investigations
The parties involved have either declined to comment or haven't responded.
There's no guarantee the DOJ or state AGs will find enough common ground to work together. As the lawsuit to block T-Mobile's merger with Sprint has illustrated, many states have been… [+577 chars]Google could add call recording to its Android Phone app
Some US states require that all parties consent to a call and it looks like Google is trying to cover itself there. First it displays a consent disclaimer to the caller. "When using the call recording feature, you are responsible for complying with applicable… [+1076 chars]Google Photos bug sent private videos to strangers
Whoa, what? @googlephotos? pic.twitter.com/2cZsABz1xb
— Jon Oberheide (@jonoberheide) February 4, 2020
As you can see, Google will tell you clearly if any of your files were affected. Further, the warning notes that backups made during that five-day period … [+863 chars]Get two Google Nest Hubs for the price of one
The Nest Hub is one of Google's more polished devices. We like its beautiful (if small) screen and simple design, and the only major knock against it is the merely adequate sound quality. This is for displaying the weather and watching the occasional YouTube … [+400 chars]Google Translate is getting a transcribe mode for lectures, speeches
Upon launch, the feature will need an internet connection -- the translation will take place on Google's servers and not on your devices -- and will only work on live audio captured through the phone speaker. According to The Verge, the feature will constantl… [+576 chars]Google Fiber stops offering traditional TV service to new customers
The focus on internet-only service makes sense when Google recently dropped its 100Mbps tier. Why pay for old-school TV when you have a gigabit connection that can stream video without so much as a hiccup? YouTube TV appears to be thriving with 2 million cust… [+631 chars]Google Earth adds views of outer space on mobile
You'll see images of the Milky Way as you rotate the globe, all captured by the European Southern Observatory. Since you're looking at our planet from the outside, you'll be able to see the stars as they'd appear to someone that's 30,000 miles above the plane… [+463 chars]Google Maps for iOS and Android is getting a makeover
The main thing you'll notice in the app is a five-icon navigation system down at the bottom of the screen, like so many apps have now. There are two new tabs: saved, which pulls up all the lists and locations you've bookmarked, and contribute, which prompts y… [+2275 chars]Ireland's data privacy watchdog opens probes into Google and Tinder
The DPC says it will also look into whether Tinder has been properly meeting data requests from users. Under GDPR, Europeans have several options when it comes to how companies handle their data. They can, for instance, ask an app or service to delete their d… [+1495 chars]Google might finally pay news outlets for their content
"We want to help people find quality journalism—it's important to informed democracy and helps support a sustainable news industry," Google said in a statement shared by WSJ. "We care deeply about this and are talking with partners and looking at more ways to… [+761 chars]Google, Amazon, and Apple Have a Trillion Dollar Problem
Hi again, its Steven Levy, WIREDs editor at large, with edition two of the Plaintext newsletter. Thanks for all your great comments about last weeks debut.
I got a lot of questions about how this winds up in your mailbox. Short answer: Subscribe to WIRED. If… [+2181 chars]Wacom tablets are sharing your app usage with Google Analytics
Users can opt out in settings
Wacom tablets have been collecting data on what apps users open, and its not entirely clear what Wacom is doing with the data. Software engineer Robert Heaton writes in a detailed blog post that he discovered the behavior after … [+2082 chars]Google I/O 2020 will kick off on May 12th
It takes place from May 12 through May 14th
Illustration: Alex Castro / The Verge
Google has just revealed that its next I/O developer conference will take place from May 12th to May 14th. The company revealed the date after users participated in its annual… [+1149 chars]Tracking IS from Syria to the Philippines
VideoThe BBC's Middle East correspondent Quentin Sommerville follows the spread of Islamic State group, from Syria to the Philippines.Syria war: Forgotten amid the bombs: Idlib's ancient, ruined riches
Image copyrightDiana Darke
The haunting beauty of Syria's so-called Dead Cities, once seen, is never forgotten. Here on the wild and magical hills of the north-west nestles the world's richest repository of 4th, 5th and 6th Century churches - over 2,000, spr… [+5041 chars]Syria war: Army 'recaptures' key town from opposition in Idlib
Image copyrightAFPImage caption
 Syrian soldiers captured villages on the outskirts of Maarat al-Numan on Tuesday
The Syrian army says it has recaptured the strategic town of Maarat al-Numan in Idlib province, the opposition's last stronghold.
State media … [+2353 chars]Syria war: Government will pay 'heavy price' for attacking Turkish troops
Media captionSyria War: Why is Idlib back in the news?
Turkey's president has warned the Syrian government that it will "pay a very, very heavy price" for attacks on Turkish soldiers in north-west Syria.
Five troops were killed in opposition-held Idlib prov… [+4500 chars]Millions of Syrian children deprived of basic rights by war
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Turkey, Syria Trade Deadly Strikes As Russia Watches Uneasily
A Turkish military convoy passes through the Syrian town of Dana, in Idlib province near the Turkish-Syrian border, on Sunday. It is there, in northwestern Syria, that friction between the country and neighboring Turkey has flared into direct violence.
Aaref… [+4142 chars]Turkey hits back after soldiers killed in Syrian gov't shelling - Al Jazeera English
Turkey says its military has hit several Syrian government targets, killing dozens of troops in the rebel-held Idlib province in Syria.The raids were launched in response to a Syrian government attack which killed five Turkish soldiers and three civilians. Th… [+1209 chars]Turkey retaliates after Syrian government shelling kills 5 troops - Al Jazeera English
Syrian government forces have killed five Turkish soldiers in an attack in northwestern Syria - the first significant clash between the two sides.
Turkey's military says it has killed more than 100 Syrian government soldiers in Idlib province in retaliation … [+638 chars]Passenger plane makes emergency landing after coming under Syrian fire: Russia
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A passenger plane carrying 172 passengers from Tehran to Damascus made an emergency landing at the Russian-controlled Hmeimim Air Base in Syria on Thursday after coming under fire from Syrian air defenses, Russia said on Friday.
The Syrian… [+1939 chars]8 maps explain how ISIS has spread even after its defeat in Iraq and Syria
Whoa, what? @googlephotos? pic.twitter.com/2cZsABz1xb
— Jon Oberheide (@jonoberheide) February 4, 2020
As you can see, Google will tell you clearly if any of your files were affected. Further, the warning notes that backups made during that five-day period … [+863 chars]Government troops seize highway in northwest Syria as Turkey-Russia talks end inconclusively
BEIRUT/ANKARA (Reuters) - Government forces seized control of a highway in northwest Syria for the first time since 2012 on Tuesday as they pressed their campaign to eradicate the last rebel strongholds in Idlib province and the Aleppo countryside, a war moni… [+4990 chars]Your guide to the Oscar nominated live action shorts
Although a majority of the films nominated for Best Picture at the 92nd Academy Awards are from the United States (save South Korea's Parasite and Britain's 1917), the lesser known nominees in the live action shorts category depict stories from all across the… [+5196 chars]Powerful earthquake strikes eastern Turkey
Image copyrightReutersImage caption
 The quake caused buildings to collapse
At least 14 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in eastern Turkey, officials say.
The 6.8 magnitude quake, centred on the town of Sivrice in Elazig province, caused bu… [+878 chars]Turkey and Syria are fighting in a shoe box in northern Syria, and officials fear it could ignite a bigger conflict with Russia
turkey syria
REUTERS/Murad Sezer
<ul><li>US and Russian troops in northwestern Syria are caught between increasingly hostile Turkish and Syrian government forces, which have exchanged fire and air strikes in the past 36 hours.
</li><li>The exchanges of fir… [+4953 chars]The ‘Useful Idiots’: How British Academics Helped Russia Deny War Crimes At The UN
A group of British academics has sparked wide and serious concern among diplomats after its work was used by Russia to accuse humanitarian workers in Syria of staging war crimes.
A European diplomat this week joined Amnesty International in condemning the wo… [+11699 chars]ISIS 'sleeper cells' are taking advantage of US-Iran tensions to make a comeback
BEIRUT (AP) — The Islamic State group's self-styled "caliphate" across parts of Iraq and Syria seemed largely defeated last year, with the loss of its territory, the killing of its founder in a US raid and an unprecedented crackdown on its social media propag… [+5897 chars]US soldier serving in Syria dies from injuries sustained in rollover accident
A 22-year-old U.S. Army Reserve soldier serving in Syria has died from injuries he sustained in a vehicle rollover accident.
Spc. Antonio Moore was conducting route clearance operations as part of Operation Inherent Resolve in Deir ez-Zor Province in eastern… [+976 chars]Islamic State urges attacks against Jews in effort to thwart Trump plan: recording
CAIRO (Reuters) - The Islamic State militant group urged its fighters and other Muslims to attack Jews in a purported audio recording released on Monday in an attempt to thwart U.S. President Donald Trump’s Israeli-Palestinian peace plan. 
The message was sa… [+1394 chars]FBI is Investigating More Than 1,000 Cases of Chinese Theft of US Technology
Unlike the last several administrations, this one hasn't started a single war yet. Not in Syria, Libya, Yemen, Somalia and Pakistan like Obama did. Not in Iraq or Afghanistan like Bush did. Not in Iran, China, Russia, Ukraine, EU, UK or whatever other countri… [+60 chars]Turkey is so worried about allowing millions of refugees across its border that it's risking a catastrophic war with Syria
Syrian troops reportedly killed five Turkish soldiers in an attack on an observation post in northern Syria as tensions between the two nations threatened to escalate and drag Syria's Russian and Iranian allies into the conflict. 
Russian and Turkish diploma… [+2695 chars]An AI Virus Warning System, Mac Malware, and More News
Artificial intelligence is alerting and Mac malware is diverting, but first: a cartoon about baby privacy.
Here's the news you need to know, in two minutes or less.
Want to receive this two-minute roundup as an email every weekday? Sign up here!
An AI epid… [+1914 chars]Deadly Wuhan Virus in China May Have Come from Snakes, Scientists Say
As an outbreak of a newly discovered SARS-like virus threatens to spiral out of control in China, some scientists think theyve uncovered its animal origins. Their new research suggests the virus is native to snakes.
The germ in question, dubbed 2019-nCoV for… [+4227 chars]Can You Cancel Your Flight Because of the Coronavirus?
As of Friday morning, the coronavirus outbreak in China has resulted in at least 26 deaths and 800 others sickened by the illness, according to local health officials. Currently, there is one confirmed case in the U.S., with twelve others currently being test… [+1919 chars]Coronavirus conspiracy theories spread panic and dangerous misinformation
The deadly coronavirus has spawned dangerous, baffling conspiracy theories online as officials across the globe work to stop the virus' spread. 
As of Thursday afternoon, there had been more than 7,700 confirmed cases of the virus which originated in Wuhan, … [+6621 chars]20 Million on Lockdown As China Halts Travel From Three Cities Over Deadly Virus
Two more cities in China are being placed on lockdown in an attempt by Chinese authorities to control the spread of a deadly new virus called 2019-nCoV and avoid a global epidemic. The SARS-like virus has killed at least 17 people and sickened more than 570, … [+4410 chars]'Puzzling' Virus Found in Brazil Has Genetic Material Not Seen in Anything Else
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]Deadly Mystery Virus Spreads Outside China to New Countries
Health officials in Thailand and Japan have announced that a strange new virus, which has killed two people and sickened dozens of others in China, has appeared inside their borders this week. The virus, known as 2019-nCoV, was first identified in Wuhan, Chin… [+4032 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]How to Protect Your Mac from Malware, Viruses, and Other Assorted Junk
Yes, Macs are susceptible to malware and virus as much as a Windows PC, and its probably in your best interest to have at least an app or two that can give you some extra protection and peace of mind.
In a recent report from MalwareBytes, the company says th… [+2701 chars]New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds'
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There were six coronaviruses known to infect people before the latest discovery
The number of people already infected by the mystery virus emerging in China is far greater than official figures suggest, scientists h… [+4057 chars]What the Movie 'Contagion' Can and Can't Teach Us About Epidemics
An awful lot of you have seen the 2011 movie Contagion. I know this because when a certain now-deleted twitter thread about the new coronaviruss R0 went (sorry) viral, people kept asking me if Id seen the scene in the movie where Kate Winslets character expla… [+5178 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]New Virus Kills Sixth Person After Human-to-Human Transmission Confirmed
Health officials in China have confirmed that a mysterious new virus which originated in the city of Wuhan can be transmitted from human-to-human, not just from animals to humans. The news comes after a sixth person has died from the virus and at least 15 hea… [+5819 chars]An AI Epidemiologist Sent the First Warnings of the Wuhan Virus
On January 9, the World Health Organization notified the public of a flu-like outbreak in China: a cluster of pneumonia cases had been reported in Wuhan, possibly from vendors exposure to live animals at the Huanan Seafood Market. The US Centers for Disease C… [+3502 chars]China coronavirus: Fears infections will rise as hundreds of millions travel
Media captionFears over coronavirus in China trigger face mask shortage
China is battling to contain a deadly coronavirus in its Hubei province, as hundreds of millions of Chinese prepare to travel over the Lunar New Year.
Beijing and Hong Kong have cancell… [+5577 chars]Six maps and graphics to explain the outbreak
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Residents in some areas, including this police officer standing in front of an advertising billboard, have been told to wear facemasks
A new respiratory virus first detected in the Chinese city of Wuhan has infected… [+6746 chars]China coronavirus: The lessons learned from the Sars outbreak
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 China was accused of covering-up the Sars epidemic
In March 2003 it became clear a mysterious and previously unknown disease was starting to spread around the world. 
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (Sars) went o… [+9640 chars]Coronavirus officially named Covid-19, says WHO
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There's been growing criticism of how authorities are handling the outbreak
The World Health Organization says the official name for the new coronavirus will be Covid-2019. 
"We now have a name for the disease and … [+1103 chars]Coronavirus: How is the Chinese city under lockdown coping with the outbreak?
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Outbound trains in Wuhan have been stopped
There have been widely-shared reports on social media and some state-run services that healthcare services in Wuhan - one of China's largest cities - are under strain follo… [+4481 chars]An AI Virus Warning System, Mac Malware, and More News
Artificial intelligence is alerting and Mac malware is diverting, but first: a cartoon about baby privacy.
Here's the news you need to know, in two minutes or less.
Want to receive this two-minute roundup as an email every weekday? Sign up here!
An AI epid… [+1914 chars]Deadly Wuhan Virus in China May Have Come from Snakes, Scientists Say
As an outbreak of a newly discovered SARS-like virus threatens to spiral out of control in China, some scientists think theyve uncovered its animal origins. Their new research suggests the virus is native to snakes.
The germ in question, dubbed 2019-nCoV for… [+4227 chars]Can You Cancel Your Flight Because of the Coronavirus?
As of Friday morning, the coronavirus outbreak in China has resulted in at least 26 deaths and 800 others sickened by the illness, according to local health officials. Currently, there is one confirmed case in the U.S., with twelve others currently being test… [+1919 chars]Coronavirus conspiracy theories spread panic and dangerous misinformation
The deadly coronavirus has spawned dangerous, baffling conspiracy theories online as officials across the globe work to stop the virus' spread. 
As of Thursday afternoon, there had been more than 7,700 confirmed cases of the virus which originated in Wuhan, … [+6621 chars]20 Million on Lockdown As China Halts Travel From Three Cities Over Deadly Virus
Two more cities in China are being placed on lockdown in an attempt by Chinese authorities to control the spread of a deadly new virus called 2019-nCoV and avoid a global epidemic. The SARS-like virus has killed at least 17 people and sickened more than 570, … [+4410 chars]'Puzzling' Virus Found in Brazil Has Genetic Material Not Seen in Anything Else
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]Deadly Mystery Virus Spreads Outside China to New Countries
Health officials in Thailand and Japan have announced that a strange new virus, which has killed two people and sickened dozens of others in China, has appeared inside their borders this week. The virus, known as 2019-nCoV, was first identified in Wuhan, Chin… [+4032 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]How to Protect Your Mac from Malware, Viruses, and Other Assorted Junk
Yes, Macs are susceptible to malware and virus as much as a Windows PC, and its probably in your best interest to have at least an app or two that can give you some extra protection and peace of mind.
In a recent report from MalwareBytes, the company says th… [+2701 chars]New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds'
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There were six coronaviruses known to infect people before the latest discovery
The number of people already infected by the mystery virus emerging in China is far greater than official figures suggest, scientists h… [+4057 chars]What the Movie 'Contagion' Can and Can't Teach Us About Epidemics
An awful lot of you have seen the 2011 movie Contagion. I know this because when a certain now-deleted twitter thread about the new coronaviruss R0 went (sorry) viral, people kept asking me if Id seen the scene in the movie where Kate Winslets character expla… [+5178 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]New Virus Kills Sixth Person After Human-to-Human Transmission Confirmed
Health officials in China have confirmed that a mysterious new virus which originated in the city of Wuhan can be transmitted from human-to-human, not just from animals to humans. The news comes after a sixth person has died from the virus and at least 15 hea… [+5819 chars]An AI Epidemiologist Sent the First Warnings of the Wuhan Virus
On January 9, the World Health Organization notified the public of a flu-like outbreak in China: a cluster of pneumonia cases had been reported in Wuhan, possibly from vendors exposure to live animals at the Huanan Seafood Market. The US Centers for Disease C… [+3502 chars]China coronavirus: Fears infections will rise as hundreds of millions travel
Media captionFears over coronavirus in China trigger face mask shortage
China is battling to contain a deadly coronavirus in its Hubei province, as hundreds of millions of Chinese prepare to travel over the Lunar New Year.
Beijing and Hong Kong have cancell… [+5577 chars]Six maps and graphics to explain the outbreak
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Residents in some areas, including this police officer standing in front of an advertising billboard, have been told to wear facemasks
A new respiratory virus first detected in the Chinese city of Wuhan has infected… [+6746 chars]China coronavirus: The lessons learned from the Sars outbreak
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 China was accused of covering-up the Sars epidemic
In March 2003 it became clear a mysterious and previously unknown disease was starting to spread around the world. 
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (Sars) went o… [+9640 chars]Coronavirus officially named Covid-19, says WHO
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There's been growing criticism of how authorities are handling the outbreak
The World Health Organization says the official name for the new coronavirus will be Covid-2019. 
"We now have a name for the disease and … [+1103 chars]Coronavirus: How is the Chinese city under lockdown coping with the outbreak?
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Outbound trains in Wuhan have been stopped
There have been widely-shared reports on social media and some state-run services that healthcare services in Wuhan - one of China's largest cities - are under strain follo… [+4481 chars]Human compost funerals 'better for environment'
Image copyrightRecomposeImage caption
 The process takes 30 days and relatives can then scatter the remains on plants or under a tree
A US firm has given scientific details of its "human composting" process for environmentally friendly funerals.
A pilot st… [+4241 chars]Trump Davos 2020: US president's speech fact-checked
Media caption"We must reject the perennial prophets of doom" - Mr Trump
President Trump made a series of claims about his record in office - on the US economy and on the environment - during his speech to the World Economic Forum at the Swiss resort of Davos… [+5072 chars]What's the Best Way to Sleep on a Flight?
Over for the Washington Post, writer Natalie B. Compton described, in detail, why exactly sleeping on flights is so damn difficult. Perhaps its being surrounded by sneezing, coughing, and otherwise restless passengers around you that makes it hard to sleep so… [+2455 chars]Trump's Budget Proposal Is an Assault on Clean Air and Water
The Trump administration submitted its 2021 budget proposal to Congress on Monday, and folks, its great! Just kidding. Its awful on many fronts, especially when it comes to the climate and environment.
The plan would cut the Energy Departments budget by 8 pe… [+2481 chars]The Meta, a training platform for gamers, builds on Kovaak’s FPS Aim Trainer
As esports grows and creates opportunities for gamers to level up to the pro or streamer level, there is still a huge barrier in the way. There is not a wealth of training options for gamers. If you can’t get better within the environment of the game itself, … [+3238 chars]A live-cam of the northern lights just turned on and it's the perfect season for eerie skies
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]Microsoft's Climate Plan Has One Huge, Oil-Filled Hole
On Thursday, Microsoft CEO Brad Smith made a bold climate pledge: By 2030, he said the company will remove more carbon from the environment than it emits, and by 2050, will remove more carbon than the company has ever produced.
This is a big step up from Mic… [+3832 chars]New twist on marshmallow test: Kids depend on each other for self control
Enlarge/ Could you resist these Oreos? Maybe if you depended on a friend to help you delay gratification.
0 with 0 posters participating
In the 1970s, the late psychologist Walter Mischel explored the importance of the ability to delay gratification as a ch… [+6642 chars]Snowfall warning issued for Surrey, Langley: Environment Canada - CTV News
VANCOUVER -- 
Temperatures are beginning to get warmer in Metro Vancouver, but some regions are expected to see a little more snow before the rain sets in.
Environment Canada issued a snowfall warning for the southeastern region of Metro Vancouver, which in… [+1926 chars]Maybe We Shouldn't Go Bananas Over Smart Contacts Just Yet
Imagine plopping a contact lens in your eye, and instead of just seeing better, you could see an enhanced view of your environment. Thats what Mojo Vision is saying their new prototype smart contact lens could do. Eventually. It sounds like a concept straight… [+8439 chars]NASA finds real uses for VR and AR in astronomy and engineering
Years after the advent of decent VR hardware, there are still precious few ways the technology has been employed as anything other than a game or gimmick. One team at NASA, however, has been assembling useful science and engineering applications, with promisi… [+2798 chars]Eliminate Digital Distractions and Get More Done with This Mac App
January
28, 2020
2 min read
Disclosure: Our goal is to feature products and services that we think you'll find interesting and useful. If you purchase them, Entrepreneur may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners.
Runnin… [+1276 chars]Airbus is testing a new aircraft that requires up to 20 percent less fuel
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]Coronavirus fallout 'certainly ruined the environment' for market bulls, hedge fund billionaire David Tepper says
Reuters
<ul><li>The threat coronavirus poses to global markets "certainly ruined the environment" for long-term investors, Appaloosa Management founder David Tepper told TheStreet on Saturday.</li><li>The billionaire told CNBC just two weeks ago that he and … [+2794 chars]GMC will revive the Hummer as a 1,000HP electric truck
Unfortunately, you'll have to wait a while. As you might have noticed in the disclaimer, GMC expects to make its electric Hummer available in fall 2021. This teaser is about whetting appetites, not to mention countering the buzz for the Cybertruck, Rivian's R… [+663 chars]The LAFD will operate the first electric fire truck in North America next year
The vehicle is based on Rosenbauer's Concept Fire Truck (CFT), which has two batteries with a charge capacity of 100 kilowatt hours. This is the equivalent of around two hours' operation, although it'll come with an on-board diesel generator if it's needed fo… [+537 chars]Tesla ordered to halt early work on its German Gigafactory
The court cautioned that it "should not be assumed" the Green League's complaint was going to fail. Campaigners are concerned that wiping out that much forest could have a significant impact on drinking water and wildlife.
We've asked Tesla for comment.
Thi… [+558 chars]5-20 cm of snow on the way for Metro Vancouver: Environment Canada - CTV News
VANCOUVER -- 
Metro Vancouver could be in for a dump of snow Tuesday, Environment Canada warned in a special weather statement.
According to the advisory issued Monday morning, Metro Vancouver, the Fraser Valley, Howe Sound and the Sunshine Coast could see … [+2039 chars]Decision on Teck's massive $20.6-billion oilsands project could be delayed, environment minister says - Calgary Herald
OTTAWA — The Canadian government has the power to delay a decision on whether to approve a massive new oilsands project, a key cabinet minister said on Tuesday, a sign Ottawa could push back what will be a contentious decision.
Ottawa must decide by end-Febr… [+1912 chars]Highest snowfall observed in N.L. storm was 93 cm: Environment Canada - Global News
Newly-released figures from Environment Canada are shedding light on the magnitude of Newfoundland‘s historic blizzard.
READ MORE: 
Troops arrive in Newfoundland to assist after historic blizzard
Many communities in the eastern part of the province have be… [+3790 chars]