Tim Cook says Apple is reopening factories as China gets ‘coronavirus under control’
He made the comments in a new interview
Apple CEO Tim Cook said today that factories in China that manufacture the companys products are reopening as China is getting the coronavirus under control. The comments came from a preview of an upcoming interview wi… [+2048 chars]Mastercard given approval to prepare for entry into China’s payments market
After years of unsuccessful attempts to enter China’s massive $27 trillion payments market, Mastercard announced today it has won approval from the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) to begin formal preparation to set up a bankcard clearing institution in China. T… [+3277 chars]China rolls out 'close contact detection app' for coronavirus
According to Xinhua, "close contact" includes people who work together, share a classroom or live in the same house, as well as medical professionals working with patients, and passengers on mass transit. If the app determines a user has been in close proximi… [+838 chars]The new coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist
A worker wears a surgical face mask as she serves customers at at food stall in London’s China Town district on February 4, 2020. | Photo by JUSTIN TALLIS/AFP via Getty Images This is the latest disease outbreak to become racialized Three weeks ago, Trang Don… [+6991 chars]All the ways China’s coronavirus outbreak is affecting tech
Feature China/Barcroft Media via Getty Images The tech sector is currently feeling the impact of the coronavirus, with companies closing offices, stores, and factories in China as well as restricting employees from nonessential travels to the country. The clo… [+6498 chars]Xiaomi’s Mi 10 flagship 5G phones launch in China
First china then the world
Xiaomis latest flagship the Mi 10 Pro.
Image: Xiaomi
Xiaomi just took the wraps off its latest 5G phones, the flagship Mi 10 series. Both the Mi 10 and Mi 10 Pro feature 6.67-inch 2340 x 1080 OLED displays with a 90Hz refresh rat… [+1648 chars]The Wuhan Coronavirus Has Officially Killed More People Than SARS in Mainland China
China passed a bleak milestone over the weekend, as more people in mainland China have now died of the newly discovered coronavirus than did during the SARS outbreak, which also began in China almost two decades ago. Cases in other countries are also increasi… [+2690 chars]Justice Dept. charge China-backed hackers over Equifax breach
U.S. prosecutors have charged four hackers said to be working for the Chinese military for the  2018 cyberattack at Equifax, which led to the theft of more than 147 million credit reports in a massive data breach.
Attorney general William Barr accused the fo… [+1396 chars]Apple to restrict travel to China, close one store in relation to coronavirus
Airlines Announce Flight Cancelations Amid Coronavirus Outbreak
As an outbreak of coronavirus that reportedly originated in Wuhan, China continues to spread, U.S. airlines are beginning to be impacted by travel advisories and a decrease in demand for flights to China.
United Airlines told Gizmodo in a statement by email … [+1906 chars]Things Are Not Looking Good for Stopping the Coronavirus
The prospect that the new coronavirus, whose outbreak has been so far largely confined to China, could become apandemic is seeming more likely today. This week, several countries have reported local clusters of the disease outside of mainland China, suggestin… [+3665 chars]The ‘propaganda push’ in China
Huawei's smart speaker will be available outside of China, but not the US
Pricing and a release date aren't yet available, although the Sound X sells for 1,999 yuan (about $284, or €262) in its homeland. As you might have guessed, though, there's virtually no chance of an official US release. Huawei might not be too worried about t… [+296 chars]Coronavirus: China admits 'shortcomings and deficiencies'
Media captionThe BBC's online health editor on what we know about the virus
China's top leadership has admitted "shortcomings and deficiencies" in the country's response to the deadly coronavirus outbreak.
The Politburo Standing Committee said the national … [+5872 chars]First death from coronavirus outside China
A man has died of the coronavirus in the Philippines in the virus's first confirmed fatality outside China.
The patient was a 44-year-old Chinese man from Wuhan, in Hubei province, where the virus was first detected.
He appeared to have been infected before… [+493 chars]This is life on lockdown in China
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.African airlines suspend flights to China
Singapore tightens rules for entry from China
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Fears over containing novel coronavirus grow as cases outside China spike
Hong Kong (CNN)Concerns are growing over the global spread of the novel coronavirus after a spike in cases outside of mainland China among people with no connection to China or the city of Wuhan, ground zero for the outbreak.
World Health Organization (WHO) … [+6697 chars]World must 'wake up to the challenges presented by China,' says Defense Secretary
Munich, Germany (CNN)Defense Secretary Mark Esper called on the international community to "wake up to the challenges presented by China," telling an audience of world leaders and top policymakers on Saturday that America's concerns about China should also be… [+2033 chars]Sharp rise in brain injuries from Iran raid on US base
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Iran attacked a US base in Iraq in retaliation for the killing of Iran General Qasem Suleimani
The number of US troops suffering from traumatic brain injuries (TBI) after an Iranian attack on a US base in Iraq in Ja… [+2399 chars]America can't have a whack-a-mole Iran strategy
Chris Coons represents Delaware in the US Senate. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. View more opinion on CNN.
 (CNN)On January 7, hours after Iran fired missiles at a base in Iraq housing American troops, the Iranian Foreign Minister, Ja… [+4673 chars]Iraq reports four new cases of coronavirus - health ministry
(Reuters) - Iraq has detected four new cases of coronavirus in Kirkuk province, the health ministry said on Tuesday, bringing the total cases in the country to five and marking the first instance of Iraq patients. 
The patients are an Iraqi family who had be… [+267 chars]Iraq president appoints Allawi as new premier, protesters reject him
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi President Barham Salih appointed Mohammed Tawfiq Allawi as prime minister on Saturday, state television reported, after squabbling parties failed to name a candidate in the two months since Adel Abdul-Mahdi was ousted by mass protest… [+3538 chars]Mortars were used in American embassy attack in Iraq: U.S. military - Global News
A top U.S. commander said Monday that mortars were used in an attack on the American embassy in Baghdad that injured one person and caused some material damage the previous night, not katyusha rockets as was initially reported by staffers and a statement from… [+5072 chars]Iraq reports sixth case of coronavirus in man who had been to Iran
(Reuters) - Iraq has confirmed its sixth case of coronavirus, in a young Iraqi man in Baghdad who had traveled from Iran, the health ministry said on Thursday. 
Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Kim CoghillBahrain stops flights to and from Iraq and Lebanon until further notice
CAIRO (Reuters) - Flights to and from Iraq and Lebanon have been stopped until further notice, Civil Aviation Affairs (CAA) in Bahrain announced on Thursday. 
Reporting By Omar Fahmy; Editing by Chris Reese'Hit with a truck' - How Iran's missiles inflicted brain injury on U.S. troops
(Reuters) - In the wee hours of Jan. 8, Tehran retaliated over the U.S. killing of Iran’s most powerful general by bombarding the al-Asad air base in Iraq. 
Among the 2,000 troops stationed there was U.S. Army Specialist Kimo Keltz, who recalls hearing a mis… [+8890 chars]Kuwait suspends flights to and from Iraq over coronavirus fears: KUNA
Cairo (Reuters) - Kuwait’s civil aviation authority has suspended all its flights to and from Iraq over fears about the coronavirus, state news agency KUNA reported on Monday. 
The statement was issued in accordance with the Kuwaiti health ministry’s instruc… [+262 chars]AI discovers antibiotic that kills even highly resistant bacteria
The team succeeded by developing a system that can find molecular structures with desired traits (say, killing bacteria) more effectively than past systems. Unlike previous methods, the neural networks learn representations of molecules automatically, mapping… [+990 chars]US taxpayers have reportedly paid an average of $8,000 each and over $2 trillion total for the Iraq war alone
The human costs of war are huge and crippling. The financial costs can be, too. 
According to a new estimate by the Costs of War co-director Neta Crawford, US taxpayers have paid nearly $2 trillion in war-related costs on the Iraq war alone.
Newsweek estima… [+7009 chars]Iran Guards to disclose new information about U.S. base attack: ISNA
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran will soon disclose new information about the missile attack it carried out against a U.S. base in Iraq last month, the ISNA news agency on Friday reported Amirali Hajizadeh, head of the Guards’ aerospace division, as saying. 
Tensions … [+330 chars]Envoys in Iraq condemn excessive violence, urge credible probe into deaths
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Envoys of 16 countries in Iraq, including, France, Britain and the United States, on Monday condemned the use of excessive violence by Iraqi security forces and armed groups and called for a credible investigation into hundreds of deaths s… [+651 chars]109 U.S. troops diagnosed with brain injuries from Iran attack: Pentagon
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday that 109 U.S. service members had been diagnosed with mild traumatic brain injury stemming from Iran’s missile attack on a base in Iraq last month. 
In a statement, the Pentagon said 76 of those service memb… [+235 chars]How to Watch the 2020 State of the Union
President Donald Trump is set to deliver his third State of the Union address Tuesday night in whats shaping up to be a particularly busy news week in the United States. The country just witnessed a mess of a Democratic caucus in Iowa Monday, and on Wednesday… [+1662 chars]ISIS 'sleeper cells' are taking advantage of US-Iran tensions to make a comeback
BEIRUT (AP) — The Islamic State group's self-styled "caliphate" across parts of Iraq and Syria seemed largely defeated last year, with the loss of its territory, the killing of its founder in a US raid and an unprecedented crackdown on its social media propag… [+5897 chars]Pompeo expresses outrage over Iran's targeting of U.S. facilities in Iraq
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Monday expressed outrage in a phone call with Iraqi Prime Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi at the continued assaults by Iran’s armed groups targeting U.S. facilities in Iraq, including Sunday’s rocket att… [+341 chars]Rare snow in Iraq turns Baghdad into winter wonderland
Antarctica’s hottest temperature ever was recorded this past Thursday: 65 degrees Fahrenheit, or 18.3 degrees Celsius. That is not good. Not good at all.
Major cities in China will undertake a staged withdrawal of single-use plastics between now and 2022, wi… [+1531 chars]We’ll Need Bold Imaginations to Make a Lasting Peace in Afghanistan
Having fought in both Iraq and Afghanistan, I am often asked what I think distinguished the two wars from one another. The answer is imagination, and I believe this is the critical element upon which an imminent peace deal between the U.S., Afghan government,… [+4222 chars]Pentagon Increases U.S. Injury Toll From Iranian Attack Yet Again — To 64
The Ain al-Assad air base, northwest of Baghdad, was one of the Iraqi bases targeted by Iranian missile strikes seen earlier this month. The Pentagon now says 64 U.S. service members have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury following the attacks.
Ayma… [+3203 chars]The 'Robo Revenge' App Makes It Easy to Sue Robocallers
Just when you thought the catastrophic Equifax breach was entirely in the rearview, the Department of Justice this week charged four Chinese military hackers with the theft. That's 147.9 million people's Social Security numbers and other personal information … [+4002 chars]Google, Amazon, and Apple Have a Trillion Dollar Problem
Hi again, its Steven Levy, WIREDs editor at large, with edition two of the Plaintext newsletter. Thanks for all your great comments about last weeks debut.
I got a lot of questions about how this winds up in your mailbox. Short answer: Subscribe to WIRED. If… [+2181 chars]DeFi aims to bridge the gap between blockchains and financial services
If youve been following cryptocurrency news for the past few months, theres one word that keeps coming back DeFi, also known as decentralized finance. As the name suggests, DeFi aims to bridge the gap between decentralized blockchains and financial services.… [+983 chars]IRS backtracks on whether video game currencies are taxable
But its still unclear if you need to report them
Image: Epic Games
On Wednesday, the IRS quietly changed a provision on its website that said transactions of virtual currency like Fortnites V-bucks were taxable and may have to be reported on tax returns, as… [+2532 chars]2019 was a phenomenal year for cryptocurrency (scams)
Bust out the champagne, folks! It's time to celebrate. 
2019 was one hell of a year for cryptocurrency. Or, more specifically, cryptocurrency scams. That's according to Chainalysis, a respected blockchain analysis company that works with law enforcement and … [+2253 chars]Dutch letter-bomb blackmail campaign targets companies
Image copyrightDutch policeImage caption
 Dutch police have warned companies to look out for padded envelopes with two stamps
Police are investigating a spate of letter-bomb attacks on companies across the Netherlands.
Four letter bombs have been found in … [+2882 chars]The Countdown To Bitcoin Halving 2020 Begins
The next Bitcoin Halving will take place on May 20th 2020. It will be the third time, that the block reward of the most known blockchain will be halved. As a consequence, miners will earn 50 percent less BTC for every generated block. Experts are expecting, t… [+922 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘We should be investing in blockchain, says Andrew Yang’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Stephen Hawking used to say: Success is ju… [+2651 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Nobel Prize-winning economist wants cryptocurrencies shut down’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Marie Curie used to say: Lets get it!
Bit… [+2657 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Tesla valuation exceeds Bitcoin market cap’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Faraday used to say: Were on the highw… [+2787 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin price should be $200K by now, according to John McAfee’s prediction’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Stephen Hawking used to say: Shleppppppp i… [+2530 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin dips just enough to fill gap in futures market’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Baudriallard used to say: Success is j… [+2536 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Visa allows Coinbase to issue Bitcoin debit cards‘
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Plato used to say: Success is just a p… [+2565 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘TV host Max Keiser says Bitcoin will go to $400k, not $100k’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Baudriallard used to say: Lets whip up… [+2613 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Steven Seagal to pay $330K settlement for promoting a Bitcoin scam’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Hannah Arendt used to say: Crack open … [+2601 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Aww yeah, Bitcoin is back above $10K’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Nightingale used to say: I got the hor… [+2963 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin edges up as global markets take coronavirus beating’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Sloterdijk used to say: Lets add the m… [+2812 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin rises another 5% in one day’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Hannah Arendt used to say: Talk to a s… [+2358 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Bitcoin keeps ascending towards $10,000’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Nikola Tesla used to say: Lets make it… [+2904 chars]Satoshi Nakaboto: ‘Man charged with operating $300M money-laundering Bitcoin ‘mixer’’
Our robot colleague Satoshi Nakaboto writes about Bitcoin BTC every fucking day.
Welcome to another edition of Bitcoin Today, where I, Satoshi Nakaboto, tell you whats been going on with Bitcoin in the past 24 hours. As Pasteur used to say: Bobs your uncle!… [+2600 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]What Is a Coronavirus?
Our in-house Know-It-Alls answer questions about your interactions with technology.
Q: What is a coronavirus?
Coronaviruses are a family of hundreds of viruses that can cause fever, respiratory problems, and sometimes gastrointestinal symptoms, too. And the… [+3725 chars]Daily Crunch: Coronavirus causes likely PC shipment decline
The coronavirus outbreak continues to impact the tech industry, Facebook’s Libra Association signs up a new partner and short-form video service Quibi is available for pre-order. Here’s your Daily Crunch for February 21, 2020.
1. PC shipments expected to dro… [+2901 chars]Travel Bans and Quarantines Won't Stop Coronavirus
The national plan to try to stop the new coronavirus from spreading any further might fracture international trade, violate peoples rights, and make untenable the workloads of local and state public health departments. It almost certainly wont slow the virus.… [+4020 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]Build In Extra Time to Clear Customs at Coronavirus 'Screener Airports'
If youre traveling in or out of one of the designated U.S. coronavirus screener airports, you might need to prepare for longer lines and waitsespecially if youre traveling internationally.
Whats a coronavirus screener airport? Well, the United States is curr… [+2104 chars]Coronavirus fears hit markets, bringing US shares down as tech and SaaS slip
Fears over the potential impact of the coronavirus spreading in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East have sent stocks plummeting in Monday’s open — with tech stocks among the hardest hit.
The reason for the declines is clear: The global response to the coronavi… [+2825 chars]Amazon withdraws from MWC over coronavirus-related concerns
Amazon is the latest company to cancel its plans for the Mobile World Congress, which will take place later this month in Barcelona, over coronavirus-related concerns.
In a statement emailed to TechCrunch, an Amazon spokesperson said due to the outbreak and … [+749 chars]Vice President Pence bulks up Coronavirus Task Force with medical and economic experts
The point person for the government (who will be reporting to Vice President Pence) is Deborah Birx, a longtime leader in the U.S. government’s efforts to contain the HIV/AIDS pandemic.
From her position within the State Department as the U.S. Global AIDS Co… [+1025 chars]U.S. stock markets drop again as Goldman Sachs projects zero growth from coronavirus
U.S. stock markets are down again in early trading as coronavirus fears continue to hit economists forecasts for growth, and a number of technology companies began to note the impact of the outbreak in their trailing earnings and future results.
The Dow Jone… [+2085 chars]Andreessen Horowitz has backed Run The World, a startup with a timely offering: live online events
Every day, there’s another event-related cancellation owing to concern around the coronavirus. Just today Microsoft announced it will not have a presence at the Game Developers Conference in mid-March “out of an abundance of caution.” Facebook also said today… [+6301 chars]Universal coronavirus treatments could help treat this outbreak — and the next one
This wont be the last coronavirus to infect humans
Photo by Christophe Gateau/picture alliance via Getty Images
Coronaviruses have caused three outbreaks in humans in the past 20 years: they were responsible for SARS in 2002, MERS in 2012, and the ongoing o… [+4810 chars]China rolls out 'close contact detection app' for coronavirus
According to Xinhua, "close contact" includes people who work together, share a classroom or live in the same house, as well as medical professionals working with patients, and passengers on mass transit. If the app determines a user has been in close proximi… [+838 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]Samsung reportedly scales back MWC presence over coronavirus fears
The company didn't comment on the report.
In addition to high-profile companies leaving the show, the GSMA (which organizes MWC) has also implemented some screening efforts in a bid to reduce the chances of coronavirus infections. It's banning all guests fro… [+869 chars]Sony pulls out of PAX East over coronavirus concerns
"Today, Sony Interactive Entertainment made the decision to cancel its participation at PAX East in Boston this year due to increasing concerns related to COVID-19 (also known as "novel coronavirus")," it wrote in a blog post. "We felt this was the safest opt… [+1079 chars]Facebook withdraws from GDC due to coronavirus concerns
Mobile World Congress 2020 isn't the only trade show affected by COVID-19, otherwise known as the new coronavirus disease. Facebook has justannounced that it will withdraw its presence from the annual Game Developer's Conference this year. In doing so, it wil… [+768 chars]LG pulls out of Mobile World Congress over coronavirus concerns
Mobile World Congress is the event the world -- or at least, our particularly nerdy corner of it -- looks to for annual updates in smartphones, networking technology and more. This year, as concerns over a growing coronavirus outbreak continue to mount, LG ha… [+428 chars]NVIDIA will skip MWC 2020 due to concerns about coronavirus
As the reported number of coronavirus infections in China grew beyond 34,000, NVIDIA announced that it will not send employees to the Mobile World Congress event in Barcelona, Spain this year. According to the company, "Given public health risks around the co… [+1162 chars]Valve's Index VR production has been impacted by coronavirus
We're just about a month out from the launch of Half Life: Alyx on March 23rd, and like so many other things, it is seeing some impact from the coronavirus outbreak. According to a statement given to RoadtoVR and UploadVR, Valve still plans to restock its Ind… [+372 chars]Mike Pompeo's tantrum inspired a big boost in NPR donations
The Secretary of State may not be thanking NPR for his week atop the headlines, but NPR can definitely thank him for boosting their bottom line.
Mike Pompeo made news this week for berating NPR journalist Mary Louise Kelly following an interview about Iran o… [+4796 chars]Stephen Colbert commemorates Mike Pompeo's NPR freakout with pun-based merch
As the senate trial of Donald Trump grapples with the revelations from John Bolton's book manuscript namely that the former security advisor's forthcoming opus confirms the Ukraine aid quid pro quo it seems no member of the Trump administration is remotely in… [+1086 chars]'Perfect' call: Trump's lawyer criticizes Ukraine call
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Iran plane downing: Iran ends co-operation with Ukraine
Image copyrightReutersImage caption
 All 176 people on Ukraine International Airlines flight PS752 died when Iranian missile fire hit the plane
Iran has ceased co-operation with Ukraine in its investigation into the downing of Ukrainian passenger jet PS752 … [+1955 chars]Analysis: John Bolton isn't the hero of the Ukraine story
(CNN)At an appearance at Duke University to promote his forthcoming book on Monday, former Trump administration national security adviser John Bolton was asked whether he believes the July 25, 2019, phone call between President Donald Trump and Ukrainian Pres… [+4281 chars]Watch: John Roberts refuses to read Rand Paul's question
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Joni Ernst defends Trump but says President handled Ukraine in 'wrong manner'
Washington (CNN)Republican Sen. Joni Ernst on Sunday defended President Donald Trump asking Ukraine to investigate his political rivals, but said he did so in the "wrong manner."
"Generally speaking going after corruption would be the right thing to do, he d… [+1264 chars]Giuliani's role: Analyst rebukes Trump attorney's Giuliani claim
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.8 unanswered questions about Trump and Ukraine that will live on after impeachment
Washington (CNN)Impeachment is over. President Donald Trump has been acquitted. One bruising chapter has ended, but another phase of the Ukraine affair is only now beginning. 
Because Senate Republicans blocked all efforts to hear from new witnesses and subp… [+10983 chars]Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from China by end of the week: Interfax-Ukraine
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from hina by the end of the week over coronavirus fears, Interax-Ukraine cited a Ukrainian Health Ministry official as saying on Monday. 
Andriy Skipalsky, head of the public health department at Ukra… [+228 chars]Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from China by end of the week: Interfax-Ukraine
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ukraine plans to evacuate its citizens from hina by the end of the week over coronavirus fears, Interax-Ukraine cited a Ukrainian Health Ministry official as saying on Monday. 
Andriy Skipalsky, head of the public health department at Ukra… [+228 chars]Analyst: Zelensky was trying to address a PR problem
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Anderson Cooper reacts to Lindsey Graham revelation: They aren't even trying to hide it
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Ex-prosecutor says Trump's tweet may have hurt his lawyers' argument
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Fighting back: Trump slams Bolton as Senate considers calling him as a witness
Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump on Wednesday tore into his former national security adviser John Bolton, whose explosive allegation in the Ukraine scandal has opened the door for GOP support of potential witnesses in Trump's impeachment trial.
Bolton,… [+3525 chars]The question McConnell still didn't answer even after acquittal
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Impeachment witnesses face uncertain future after Trump acquittal and Vindman firing
Washington (CNN)Two days after his Senate impeachment acquittal, President Donald Trump has emerged emboldened and vindictive, making it clear he harbors resentment toward some of the witnesses who testified in nationally televised hearings during the House i… [+7589 chars]Washington Post: Feds advanced Giuliani investigation as impeachment wrapped
(CNN)Federal prosecutors in New York have advanced their investigation into President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani, pursuing more documents and witness testimonies while the Justice Department simultaneously accepts information from the form… [+2845 chars]Retired diplomat who testified says it is the 'American way to speak up about wrongdoing'
Washington (CNN)Former ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch, who was ousted from her post by President Donald Trump, said the diplomats and officials who provided testimony in the House impeachment inquiry did so because it is the "American way to speak up… [+2304 chars]GOP senators sidestep questions about Trump's conduct
We're just about a month out from the launch of Half Life: Alyx on March 23rd, and like so many other things, it is seeing some impact from the coronavirus outbreak. According to a statement given to RoadtoVR and UploadVR, Valve still plans to restock its Ind… [+372 chars]Record Two iPhone Cameras at Once With This Free iOS App
iOS: All you need to create interesting, high-quality video content these days is a smartphone. With the right apps, what used to require extra gear and software can mostly all be done on a single iPhoneincluding recording multiple shots simultaneously. Thats… [+1315 chars]Apple warns of iPhone 'supply shortages' due to coronavirus outbreak
Apple is expecting a hit to its bottom line as a result of the supply shortages.
On top of this, retail demand is a problem. Many official and third-party stores have closed, and those that are open have reduced schedules and "very low" traffic. Apple is slo… [+542 chars]Update iOS to Block More Location Tracking on the iPhone 11
iOS 13.3.1 and iPadOS 13.3.1 both dropped yesterday, adding some convenient features and fixing a number of bugs (which weve listed below). iPhone and iPad owners can start the update by going to Settings &gt; General &gt; Software Update on their devices, th… [+1491 chars]iPhone Users Can Now Shoot Simultaneously With Both Cameras, Android Users Chuckle Politely
Back at the launch event for the iPhone 11 last fall, the developers of Filmic Pro got on stage and showed off a new app that allowed iPhone users to record videos using both the front and rear cameras on their iPhone simultaneously. And today, that app final… [+2680 chars]WhatsApp dark mode for iPhone arrives in latest beta
MacRumors WhatsApp is finally getting a dark mode soon on iPhone soon. A new beta version of WhatsApp for iOS has appeared with dark mode enabled, indicating that it will soon be available for all iPhone users. MacRumors reports that the testing notes include… [+634 chars]The better everyday camera — Pixel 4 or iPhone 11 Pro?
I need a new phone.
A big chunk of my time on the iPhone was spent taking pictures, so I’m heavily basing the next smartphone on its camera capabilities. After playing around with the Pixel 4 for Brian’s review, I’m considering switching teams.
Price-wise, … [+2428 chars]Apple Continues To Make An Absolute Shit-Ton of Money on iPhones Somehow
Every September, Apple reveals a new iPhone. And every year, Apple watchers wonder if this will be the new iPhone to which consumers say, Nah, were good. 2019 was not that year. With a little help from the iPhone 11 lineup, Apple made a $22.2 billion profit o… [+1531 chars]Apple's 'Instant Notes' Is a Must-Have on Your iPhone or iPad
Im terrible at taking notes, only because I dont have one of those fancy Samsung smartphones that lets you draw your thoughts right on the lock screen. Instead, I have to yell at a digital assistantwhich sometimes gets it rightor I have to authenticate into m… [+1988 chars]iPhone maker Foxconn tells Shenzhen staff not to return to work
As it ramps up production on medical face masks
Photo by VCG/VCG via Getty Images
iPhone manufacturer Foxconn has told employees at its Shenzhen HQ not to return to work on February 10th as planned, but to await further instruction, Bloomberg reports. Meanw… [+1630 chars]iOS 13.4 could turn your iPhone and Apple Watch into car keys
In addition, the feature seems to have the capability to give other people access to your vehicle with their devices. You'll have to send that trusted family member or friend an invite, which you'll be able to do so via the Wallet app.
The pairing process ac… [+589 chars]NYPD will replace handwritten logs with an iPhone app later this month
The app will send notes to a department database, which offers a few benefits over the physical notebooks. It could eliminate potential abuses, like faking entries in order to get search warrants, and headaches, like having to interpret illegible handwriting.… [+565 chars]Coronavirus: iPhone manufacturer Foxconn to make masks
Image copyrightFoxconnImage caption
 Foxconn has started test production of surgical masks as demand soars
Electronics giant Foxconn, maker of the Apple iPhone, is taking the unusual step of switching part of its production to making surgical masks.
The fi… [+1981 chars]How Google Recognizes Traffic Jams in Maps
Berlin artist Simon Weckert recently hacked Google Maps by filling a red wagon with 99 iPhone running Google Maps and dragging around the city to fool the service into thinking there was a traffic jam when there wasnt one.
Its a clever trick, but it raises q… [+4562 chars]'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' director says Apple won't let villains use iPhones in movies
What kind of phone would a movie villain use? Not an iPhone, because Apple reportedly doesn't allow it.
This is according to Knives Out writer and director Rian Johnson, who shared the news in an interview with Vanity Fair (via MacRumors). 
"Apple, they let… [+1121 chars]Apple fined $27 million for throttling old iPhones without telling users
Frances competition watchdog DGCCRF announced earlier today that Apple will pay a $27.4 million (25 million) fine due to an iOS update that capped performance of aging devices. The company will also have to display a statement on its website for a month.
A c… [+1310 chars]Behold the Cyberphone, a titanium iPhone inspired by Tesla's Cybertruck
Russia's Caviar is known for lavish, extremely expensive iPhone modifications, but its new product will turn heads for different reasons.
It's called the Cyberphone, and yes, it's an iPhone mod with a design inspired by Tesla's Cybertruck. 
Image: Caviar
I… [+1255 chars]Samsung's Galaxy S20 phones are too damn expensive
In the past six months, whenever someone asked me "what's the best budget phone on the market," I'd say the iPhone 11. I'd get suspicious looks, but then I'd explain that it's truly an amazing deal for $699, as it's very close in performance to the $999 iPhon… [+4699 chars]Apple reports a record $12.7B in services revenue
Apple’s increasing focus on its services business seems to be paying off, with the company reporting a record $12.7 billion in services net sales during the first quarter of its fiscal year a year-over-year increase of roughly 17%.
Services includes existing… [+991 chars]How to Install iCloud as a Progressive Web App on Android
Apples has redesigned the mobile version of iCloud, and if you live in a divided houseAndroid and iOS/iPadOS devices living in perfect harmonyyou should check out the new website, especially if youre on an Android smartphone or tablet. In fact, you might even… [+1253 chars]Dear iPhone owners: AirPods aren't your only option
Listening to music, podcasts or audio books on your iPhone makes perfect sense given its origins are steeped in the old days of the iPod. To get the most out of your audio experience however, you really need a good set of headphones or earphones. The ones tha… [+4188 chars]How Google Recognizes Traffic Jams in Maps
Berlin artist Simon Weckert recently hacked Google Maps by filling a red wagon with 99 iPhone running Google Maps and dragging around the city to fool the service into thinking there was a traffic jam when there wasnt one.
Its a clever trick, but it raises q… [+4562 chars]Google is disappointing the Stadia community
In other words, this is fine.
"This is great," Doronichev continued. "This is what this all about, right? It's not just about some marginal improvements, it's not about a specific feature. It's about a big, bold statement of where we are going. We're going t… [+2809 chars]Google confirms it again removed alleged spying tool ToTok from Google Play
In December, The New York Times reported a popular messaging app called ToTok was actually a spying tool used by the government of the United Arab Emirates to track users’ conversations, location, and social connections. The app was removed from the Google Pl… [+2104 chars]How to Use Google Assistant's Ambient Mode on Android
Our smartphones can display tons of information and provide helpful shortcuts even when theyre locked, and Google Assistants Ambient Mode is worth trying out. It allows you to use several of your phones best features without having to unlock it, saving you pr… [+1700 chars]The Best Updates in Google Maps' 15th-Anniversary Redesign
In celebration of Google Maps 15th birthday, Google is updating the service with a new logo and icon, and its rolling out several new features for the app. Heres everything included in the big update. 
New and redesigned tabs
The biggest change in the new G… [+1861 chars]How to Create Multiple Google Contacts at Once
Google has quietly reinstated the ability to batch-create and import multiple contacts to your Google account at once. This time-saving feature was removed when Google began switching its mobile and web apps over to the material theme design last year, and Go… [+1000 chars]How to Update Paid Chrome Extensions Google Just Banned
I confess, I havent run into a paid Google extension in some time. Theydoexist, howeverand some are actually useful, like StopTheMadness (an extension that keeps websites from disabling keyboard shortcuts or context menus).If you happen to have found (and pur… [+2830 chars]The Fastest Way to Limit Google Search Results by Date
A well-worded Google search can bring up the most relevant results in a matter of seconds. But the trouble with those results that are deemed to fit your search query best is that theyre not always the most recent results for that topic. 
This happens to me … [+1599 chars]Google makes its Titan security keys available across Europe
In addition, the USB-C key that Google teamed up with Yubico on is now also available in Canada, France, Japan and the UK. Google previously released the bundle in those regions, but now users in those areas can also get keys compatible with their USB-C devic… [+462 chars]Reuters: UK Google users will lose GDPR protections
The US, on the other hand, recently enacted the CLOUD Act (PDF). And based on how it works, it might make it easier for foreign authorities (like British law enforcement) to compel US-based companies to hand over data for investigations. Google is based in Ir… [+488 chars]Google Photos bug sent private videos to strangers
Whoa, what? @googlephotos? pic.twitter.com/2cZsABz1xb
— Jon Oberheide (@jonoberheide) February 4, 2020
As you can see, Google will tell you clearly if any of your files were affected. Further, the warning notes that backups made during that five-day period … [+863 chars]Google could add call recording to its Android Phone app
Some US states require that all parties consent to a call and it looks like Google is trying to cover itself there. First it displays a consent disclaimer to the caller. "When using the call recording feature, you are responsible for complying with applicable… [+1076 chars]Google Fiber stops offering traditional TV service to new customers
The focus on internet-only service makes sense when Google recently dropped its 100Mbps tier. Why pay for old-school TV when you have a gigabit connection that can stream video without so much as a hiccup? YouTube TV appears to be thriving with 2 million cust… [+631 chars]Get two Google Nest Hubs for the price of one
The Nest Hub is one of Google's more polished devices. We like its beautiful (if small) screen and simple design, and the only major knock against it is the merely adequate sound quality. This is for displaying the weather and watching the occasional YouTube … [+400 chars]Google Translate is getting a transcribe mode for lectures, speeches
Upon launch, the feature will need an internet connection -- the translation will take place on Google's servers and not on your devices -- and will only work on live audio captured through the phone speaker. According to The Verge, the feature will constantl… [+576 chars]Google is cracking down on apps with 'disruptive' ads
Google defines disruptive ads as ones that either interfere with device usability or display when the user isn't actively using the app. For example, an app could serve a full-screen ad when a user unlocks their phone to make a call. These popups affect more … [+1105 chars]Google search is showing invitations to private WhatsApp groups
You won't want to count on these invitations leaving the web, either. A WhatsApp spokesperson asserted these links were shared in "searchable, public channels," and that people who want to keep links private shouldn't share them on publicly reachable sites. G… [+1003 chars]Google Earth adds views of outer space on mobile
You'll see images of the Milky Way as you rotate the globe, all captured by the European Southern Observatory. Since you're looking at our planet from the outside, you'll be able to see the stars as they'd appear to someone that's 30,000 miles above the plane… [+463 chars]Ireland's data privacy watchdog opens probes into Google and Tinder
The DPC says it will also look into whether Tinder has been properly meeting data requests from users. Under GDPR, Europeans have several options when it comes to how companies handle their data. They can, for instance, ask an app or service to delete their d… [+1495 chars]Google Maps for iOS and Android is getting a makeover
The main thing you'll notice in the app is a five-icon navigation system down at the bottom of the screen, like so many apps have now. There are two new tabs: saved, which pulls up all the lists and locations you've bookmarked, and contribute, which prompts y… [+2275 chars]Tracking IS from Syria to the Philippines
VideoThe BBC's Middle East correspondent Quentin Sommerville follows the spread of Islamic State group, from Syria to the Philippines.Syria war: Forgotten amid the bombs: Idlib's ancient, ruined riches
Image copyrightDiana Darke
The haunting beauty of Syria's so-called Dead Cities, once seen, is never forgotten. Here on the wild and magical hills of the north-west nestles the world's richest repository of 4th, 5th and 6th Century churches - over 2,000, spr… [+5041 chars]Syria war: Army 'recaptures' key town from opposition in Idlib
Image copyrightAFPImage caption
 Syrian soldiers captured villages on the outskirts of Maarat al-Numan on Tuesday
The Syrian army says it has recaptured the strategic town of Maarat al-Numan in Idlib province, the opposition's last stronghold.
State media … [+2353 chars]Family creates underground home to escape horror
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Syria war: Government will pay 'heavy price' for attacking Turkish troops
Media captionSyria War: Why is Idlib back in the news?
Turkey's president has warned the Syrian government that it will "pay a very, very heavy price" for attacks on Turkish soldiers in north-west Syria.
Five troops were killed in opposition-held Idlib prov… [+4500 chars]Syria Conflict, Idlib - BBC News - BBC News
Google has quietly reinstated the ability to batch-create and import multiple contacts to your Google account at once. This time-saving feature was removed when Google began switching its mobile and web apps over to the material theme design last year, and Go… [+1000 chars]Millions of Syrian children deprived of basic rights by war
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Top Russian and U.S. generals discuss Syria amid tensions: Ifax
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The heads of the Russian and U.S. general staffs discussed the situation in Syria in a phone call on Friday amid mounting tensions over the province of Idlib, the Interfax news agency cited Russia’s Defence Ministry as saying. 
The phone c… [+307 chars]Turkish army retaliates against 'all known' Syrian government targets
ANKARA (Reuters) - The Turkish army is retaliating with artillery fire at Syrian government targets in Syria after an airstrike killed 22 Turkish soldiers in the northwestern Idlib province, two Turkish security officials said on Friday. 
“All known” Syrian … [+365 chars]Turkey says world powers must impose no-fly zone in Syria
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Friday that world powers must impose a no-fly zone in Syria to protect hundreds of thousands of people displaced by clashes, after the killing of 33 Turkish soldiers by Syrian air strikes in the Idlib region. 
Turkey will no… [+482 chars]France calls on Syria, Russia to end offensive, offers Turkey help on refugees
PARIS (Reuters) - France on Friday called on Russia and the Syrian government to end their offensive in northwestern Syria and said Europe was ready to reinforce its assistance to help Turkey handle Syrian refugees. 
“I reiterated France’s call to the Syrian… [+883 chars]Syrian army will not allow Western states and proxies to prolong 'terrorist' control in Syria: state media
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria’s army will not allow Western states and their proxies to prolong “terrorist” control in Syria, a foreign ministry source cited by state news agency SANA said on Friday. 
The source said Syria’s army would continue its campaign to er… [+248 chars]Kremlin urges Turkey to protect Russia's diplomatic facilities in Turkey: RIA
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday that Moscow hoped Turkey would do everything to protect Russian nationals and Russia’s diplomatic facilities in Turkey amid mounting tensions over Syria, the RIA news agency reported. 
The comments followed the k… [+484 chars]Turkey, Syria Trade Deadly Strikes As Russia Watches Uneasily
A Turkish military convoy passes through the Syrian town of Dana, in Idlib province near the Turkish-Syrian border, on Sunday. It is there, in northwestern Syria, that friction between the country and neighboring Turkey has flared into direct violence.
Aaref… [+4142 chars]Turkey hits back after soldiers killed in Syrian gov't shelling - Al Jazeera English
Turkey says its military has hit several Syrian government targets, killing dozens of troops in the rebel-held Idlib province in Syria.The raids were launched in response to a Syrian government attack which killed five Turkish soldiers and three civilians. Th… [+1209 chars]Turkey retaliates after Syrian government shelling kills 5 troops - Al Jazeera English
Syrian government forces have killed five Turkish soldiers in an attack in northwestern Syria - the first significant clash between the two sides.
Turkey's military says it has killed more than 100 Syrian government soldiers in Idlib province in retaliation … [+638 chars]2 Turkish Soldiers Killed by Airstrike in Syria: Officials
(ANKARA, Turkey) — Two Turkish soldiers were killed Thursday by an airstrike in northwestern Syria, according to Turkey’s Defense Ministry, following a large-scale attack by Ankara-backed opposition forces that targeted Syrian government troops.
The deaths b… [+4761 chars]U.S. says it stands by Turkey after attack on Turkish soldiers in Syria
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is very concerned about a reported attack on Turkish soldiers in Syria’s Idlib region and it stands by its NATO ally Turkey, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday. 
“We stand by our NATO Ally Turkey and continue … [+249 chars]UK to call for U.N. Security Council meeting after Turkish troops killed in Syria
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said it will be calling for an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council on Friday after 33 Turkish soldiers were killed by Russian-backed Syrian government troops in the escalating war in the area. 
“There is no jus… [+334 chars]Putin, Erdogan agree by phone to intensify talks on Syria: Kremlin
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan had agreed in a phone call to intensify talks on Syria’s Idlib region to reduce tensions and implement a ceasefire. 
The presidents also discuss… [+114 chars]An AI Virus Warning System, Mac Malware, and More News
Artificial intelligence is alerting and Mac malware is diverting, but first: a cartoon about baby privacy.
Here's the news you need to know, in two minutes or less.
Want to receive this two-minute roundup as an email every weekday? Sign up here!
An AI epid… [+1914 chars]This Year's Flu Shot Can Cut Your Chances of Catching the Virus in Half
If you havent gotten your flu shot yet, theres still time to do it. Now we also know how effective its likely to be.
On Friday, the CDC released its interim estimates on the 2019-2020 seasonal influenza vaccines effectiveness. Overall, it estimates that this… [+1211 chars]Coronavirus conspiracy theories spread panic and dangerous misinformation
The deadly coronavirus has spawned dangerous, baffling conspiracy theories online as officials across the globe work to stop the virus' spread. 
As of Thursday afternoon, there had been more than 7,700 confirmed cases of the virus which originated in Wuhan, … [+6621 chars]Facebook cancels F8 developer conference due to coronavirus concerns
F8 is the latest major event to be canceled
Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge
Facebook has canceled the in-person portion of F8, the companys annual developer conference, due to concerns surrounding the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus. F8 was ori… [+602 chars]'Puzzling' Virus Found in Brazil Has Genetic Material Not Seen in Anything Else
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]How to Protect Your Mac from Malware, Viruses, and Other Assorted Junk
Yes, Macs are susceptible to malware and virus as much as a Windows PC, and its probably in your best interest to have at least an app or two that can give you some extra protection and peace of mind.
In a recent report from MalwareBytes, the company says th… [+2701 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]What the Movie 'Contagion' Can and Can't Teach Us About Epidemics
An awful lot of you have seen the 2011 movie Contagion. I know this because when a certain now-deleted twitter thread about the new coronaviruss R0 went (sorry) viral, people kept asking me if Id seen the scene in the movie where Kate Winslets character expla… [+5178 chars]Iran health official gets coronavirus. Watch video of him just a day before.
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Coronavirus officially named Covid-19, says WHO
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There's been growing criticism of how authorities are handling the outbreak
The World Health Organization says the official name for the new coronavirus will be Covid-2019. 
"We now have a name for the disease and … [+1103 chars]The ‘propaganda push’ in China
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday that Moscow hoped Turkey would do everything to protect Russian nationals and Russia’s diplomatic facilities in Turkey amid mounting tensions over Syria, the RIA news agency reported. 
The comments followed the k… [+484 chars]Wilbur Ross says Coronavirus could boost US jobs
Image copyrightGetty Images
US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross has said the deadly coronavirus outbreak in China could be positive for the American economy.
During a TV interview Mr Ross said: "I think it will help to accelerate the return of jobs to North A… [+1929 chars]Coronavirus: Death toll rises as virus spreads to every Chinese region
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 The WHO warns the virus holds the potential for a much larger outbreak
The death toll of the coronavirus has risen to 170 and with a confirmed case in Tibet, the virus has now spread to every region in mainland Chin… [+1548 chars]Coronavirus: Why did infections shoot up South Korea?
Image copyrightEPAImage caption
 South Korea's coronavirus cases continue to rise
South Korea has seen by far the highest numbers of coronavirus cases outside of China - within a week confirmed cases jumped from a few dozen to more than 800. 
The country h… [+6754 chars]Coronavirus: Australian scientists first to recreate virus outside China
Image copyrightPETER DOHERTY INSTITUTE FOR INFECTION AND IMMUNITYImage caption
 The new coronavirus has been grown outside China for the first time
Scientists in Australia have become the first to recreate the new coronavirus outside of China in what they h… [+2047 chars]What Is a Coronavirus?
Our in-house Know-It-Alls answer questions about your interactions with technology.
Q: What is a coronavirus?
Coronaviruses are a family of hundreds of viruses that can cause fever, respiratory problems, and sometimes gastrointestinal symptoms, too. And the… [+3725 chars]Coronavirus: Livestreaming karaoke and reality TV in virus-hit China
Image copyrightHunan TVImage caption
 The show must go on - reality show stars have found ways to adapt while still being advised to stay at home
China has the world's largest livestreaming industry and Wuhan - the epicentre of the Covid-19 outbreak - was a… [+6009 chars]The Chinese doctor who tried to warn about coronavirus
Image copyrightWeiboImage caption
 Dr Li posted this picture of himself from a hospital bed on 31 January - a day before he was diagnosed with coronavirus
In early January, authorities in the Chinese city of Wuhan were trying to keep news of a new coronavir… [+3555 chars]An AI Virus Warning System, Mac Malware, and More News
Artificial intelligence is alerting and Mac malware is diverting, but first: a cartoon about baby privacy.
Here's the news you need to know, in two minutes or less.
Want to receive this two-minute roundup as an email every weekday? Sign up here!
An AI epid… [+1914 chars]This Year's Flu Shot Can Cut Your Chances of Catching the Virus in Half
If you havent gotten your flu shot yet, theres still time to do it. Now we also know how effective its likely to be.
On Friday, the CDC released its interim estimates on the 2019-2020 seasonal influenza vaccines effectiveness. Overall, it estimates that this… [+1211 chars]Coronavirus conspiracy theories spread panic and dangerous misinformation
The deadly coronavirus has spawned dangerous, baffling conspiracy theories online as officials across the globe work to stop the virus' spread. 
As of Thursday afternoon, there had been more than 7,700 confirmed cases of the virus which originated in Wuhan, … [+6621 chars]Facebook cancels F8 developer conference due to coronavirus concerns
F8 is the latest major event to be canceled
Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge
Facebook has canceled the in-person portion of F8, the companys annual developer conference, due to concerns surrounding the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus. F8 was ori… [+602 chars]'Puzzling' Virus Found in Brazil Has Genetic Material Not Seen in Anything Else
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]The Coronavirus Outbreak Will Not Ruin Your Investment Portfolio
Everyones talking about the coronavirus outbreak that originated in China, but have you considered impact could the virus have on your money? Global markets started to see extra volatility late last week, and this week is likely to endure more of the same.
C… [+2744 chars]How to Protect Your Mac from Malware, Viruses, and Other Assorted Junk
Yes, Macs are susceptible to malware and virus as much as a Windows PC, and its probably in your best interest to have at least an app or two that can give you some extra protection and peace of mind.
In a recent report from MalwareBytes, the company says th… [+2701 chars]How Did Lysol 'Know' About the Coronavirus Before it Happened?
The coronavirus thats been making headlines was not known to science before late 2019. And yet, people are posting photos of old bottles of Lysol and Clorox wipes that claim their contents can kill coronavirus. What gives? 
This isnt evidence of a conspiracy… [+1129 chars]Coronavirus outbreak is affecting Nintendo Switch supply in Japan
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]What the Movie 'Contagion' Can and Can't Teach Us About Epidemics
An awful lot of you have seen the 2011 movie Contagion. I know this because when a certain now-deleted twitter thread about the new coronaviruss R0 went (sorry) viral, people kept asking me if Id seen the scene in the movie where Kate Winslets character expla… [+5178 chars]Iran health official gets coronavirus. Watch video of him just a day before.
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.Coronavirus officially named Covid-19, says WHO
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There's been growing criticism of how authorities are handling the outbreak
The World Health Organization says the official name for the new coronavirus will be Covid-2019. 
"We now have a name for the disease and … [+1103 chars]The ‘propaganda push’ in China
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday that Moscow hoped Turkey would do everything to protect Russian nationals and Russia’s diplomatic facilities in Turkey amid mounting tensions over Syria, the RIA news agency reported. 
The comments followed the k… [+484 chars]Wilbur Ross says Coronavirus could boost US jobs
Image copyrightGetty Images
US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross has said the deadly coronavirus outbreak in China could be positive for the American economy.
During a TV interview Mr Ross said: "I think it will help to accelerate the return of jobs to North A… [+1929 chars]Coronavirus: Death toll rises as virus spreads to every Chinese region
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 The WHO warns the virus holds the potential for a much larger outbreak
The death toll of the coronavirus has risen to 170 and with a confirmed case in Tibet, the virus has now spread to every region in mainland Chin… [+1548 chars]Coronavirus: Why did infections shoot up South Korea?
Image copyrightEPAImage caption
 South Korea's coronavirus cases continue to rise
South Korea has seen by far the highest numbers of coronavirus cases outside of China - within a week confirmed cases jumped from a few dozen to more than 800. 
The country h… [+6754 chars]Coronavirus: Australian scientists first to recreate virus outside China
Image copyrightPETER DOHERTY INSTITUTE FOR INFECTION AND IMMUNITYImage caption
 The new coronavirus has been grown outside China for the first time
Scientists in Australia have become the first to recreate the new coronavirus outside of China in what they h… [+2047 chars]What Is a Coronavirus?
Our in-house Know-It-Alls answer questions about your interactions with technology.
Q: What is a coronavirus?
Coronaviruses are a family of hundreds of viruses that can cause fever, respiratory problems, and sometimes gastrointestinal symptoms, too. And the… [+3725 chars]Coronavirus: Livestreaming karaoke and reality TV in virus-hit China
Image copyrightHunan TVImage caption
 The show must go on - reality show stars have found ways to adapt while still being advised to stay at home
China has the world's largest livestreaming industry and Wuhan - the epicentre of the Covid-19 outbreak - was a… [+6009 chars]The Chinese doctor who tried to warn about coronavirus
Image copyrightWeiboImage caption
 Dr Li posted this picture of himself from a hospital bed on 31 January - a day before he was diagnosed with coronavirus
In early January, authorities in the Chinese city of Wuhan were trying to keep news of a new coronavir… [+3555 chars]How to Buy Carbon Offsets That Actually Help the Environment
Carbon offsets can seem too good to be true. In theory, the offsets work like a big sponge sopping up all the emissions you put into the environment when traveling by plane or riding in a car. It all comes at a relatively low cost, as well: you can offset emi… [+9930 chars]Human compost funerals 'better for environment'
Image copyrightRecomposeImage caption
 The process takes 30 days and relatives can then scatter the remains on plants or under a tree
A US firm has given scientific details of its "human composting" process for environmentally friendly funerals.
A pilot st… [+4241 chars]How to Turn Any Instant Pot Cooking Liquid Into a Gravy
The Instant Pot is good for a lot of things, but I mostly use mine to cook large pieces of tough meats with lot of connectivity tissue. The device renders them fall-off-the bone tender but, since its a sealed cooking environment, this inevitably results in a … [+1568 chars]Study Shows Big Oil Rewards Members of Congress With Cash After Anti-Environment Votes
Its no secret that the oil and gas industry is in the pockets of our elected officials. I mean, a climate denier doesnt sit in the White House by accident, right? A new study, however, confirms just how powerful contributions from the oil and gas sector can b… [+3949 chars]These drones are planting trees to fight the climate crisis — Future Blink
Scientists in Brazil say theyve made a mysterious discovery. They claim to have found a virus made of genetic material never before seen elsewhere. But you likely have nothing to fear from this virus: It seems to only hunt amoebas.
The find is detailed in a … [+2538 chars]Trump's Budget Proposal Is an Assault on Clean Air and Water
The Trump administration submitted its 2021 budget proposal to Congress on Monday, and folks, its great! Just kidding. Its awful on many fronts, especially when it comes to the climate and environment.
The plan would cut the Energy Departments budget by 8 pe… [+2481 chars]The Meta, a training platform for gamers, builds on Kovaak’s FPS Aim Trainer
As esports grows and creates opportunities for gamers to level up to the pro or streamer level, there is still a huge barrier in the way. There is not a wealth of training options for gamers. If you can’t get better within the environment of the game itself, … [+3238 chars]How to use carbon offsets to make your travel more sustainable
There's little chance you haven't heard it before: Traveling is one of the worst things that you can do for the environment.
You've perhaps also heard of carbon offsets modern-day indulgences that can ease your guilt and the strain of your travel on the envi… [+4802 chars]A live-cam of the northern lights just turned on and it's the perfect season for eerie skies
We've asked Nintendo for comment on how this will affect the US and Western countries as a whole, if at all.
Containing the virus clearly takes top priority, and Nintendo isn't going to be the only company affected. Apple suppliers in China like Foxconn and … [+271 chars]NASA finds real uses for VR and AR in astronomy and engineering
Years after the advent of decent VR hardware, there are still precious few ways the technology has been employed as anything other than a game or gimmick. One team at NASA, however, has been assembling useful science and engineering applications, with promisi… [+2798 chars]Eliminate Digital Distractions and Get More Done with This Mac App
January
28, 2020
2 min read
Disclosure: Our goal is to feature products and services that we think you'll find interesting and useful. If you purchase them, Entrepreneur may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners.
Runnin… [+1276 chars]Airbus is testing a new aircraft that requires up to 20 percent less fuel
Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 There's been growing criticism of how authorities are handling the outbreak
The World Health Organization says the official name for the new coronavirus will be Covid-2019. 
"We now have a name for the disease and … [+1103 chars]Coronavirus fallout 'certainly ruined the environment' for market bulls, hedge fund billionaire David Tepper says
Reuters
<ul><li>The threat coronavirus poses to global markets "certainly ruined the environment" for long-term investors, Appaloosa Management founder David Tepper told TheStreet on Saturday.</li><li>The billionaire told CNBC just two weeks ago that he and … [+2794 chars]The LAFD will operate the first electric fire truck in North America next year
The vehicle is based on Rosenbauer's Concept Fire Truck (CFT), which has two batteries with a charge capacity of 100 kilowatt hours. This is the equivalent of around two hours' operation, although it'll come with an on-board diesel generator if it's needed fo… [+537 chars]GMC will revive the Hummer as a 1,000HP electric truck
Unfortunately, you'll have to wait a while. As you might have noticed in the disclaimer, GMC expects to make its electric Hummer available in fall 2021. This teaser is about whetting appetites, not to mention countering the buzz for the Cybertruck, Rivian's R… [+663 chars]Hillary Clinton is launching her own podcast
Clinton herself was inspired to develop a show by other podcasts, Politico says, particularly ones which had her as a guest in the past. She was apparently struck by how different a long podcast interview feels compared to short TV and radio guestings when sh… [+630 chars]Alphabet's Loon, telecoms unite to boost high-altitude internet
The Alliance will push for governments to adopt high-altitude internet, of course, but it'll also work on a cooperative environment with common specs and standards. The aim is ultimately to create a single "compelling message" to sell the concept, even if the… [+639 chars]Tesla ordered to halt early work on its German Gigafactory
The court cautioned that it "should not be assumed" the Green League's complaint was going to fail. Campaigners are concerned that wiping out that much forest could have a significant impact on drinking water and wildlife.
We've asked Tesla for comment.
Thi… [+558 chars]IKEA’s new vegetarian meatballs will taste more like meat
According to The Verge, the updated veggie meatballs will be made out of apples, oats, peas and potatoes. They'll be available both as an in-restaurant meal and a frozen package to make at home. IKEA hopes that the new taste will be more attractive to meat ea… [+576 chars]Decision on Teck's massive $20.6-billion oilsands project could be delayed, environment minister says - Calgary Herald
OTTAWA — The Canadian government has the power to delay a decision on whether to approve a massive new oilsands project, a key cabinet minister said on Tuesday, a sign Ottawa could push back what will be a contentious decision.
Ottawa must decide by end-Febr… [+1912 chars]